1 JACKSON — One of the ex-prisoners who received a full pardon last year from then-Gov. Haley Barbour was involved in a gunfire exchange that killed another man Thursday night, a northern Mississippi sheriff said. Calhoun County Sheriff Greg Pollan said Wayne Thurman Harris of Slate Springs and Chris McGonagill of Calhoun City got into an argument at a cookout and both of them fired guns. Both men were wounded, McGonagill fatally. "We're trying to put it all together. It's like a puzzle," Pollan said. "We know Harris was hit once in the leg and McGonagill about six times." Pollan said no charges have been filed because he has not had a chance to interview Harris. McGonagill died about 1 a.m. Friday at Baptist Hospital in Oxford. Harris was being treated at the North Mississippi Medical Center in Tupelo. The incident took place about three miles south of Calhoun City on Miss. 9. Calhoun City is about 125 miles south of Memphis. Harris received a full and unconditional pardon from Barbour on Jan. 10, 2012. Pollan said — and state documents show — Harris had completed his sentence for sale of marijuana when the pardon was issued. State prison system records show Harris was sentenced in Calhoun County on Jan. 19, 2001, for the sale of marijuana to 20 years in prison, with five years suspended conditioned upon his completion of three years post release supervision. He was given an official release on Dec. 21, 2007. Convicted felons typically are not allowed to possess firearms, but Pollan said that does not apply in Harris' case because of the full pardon he received from Barbour. Pollan said at least three other people were at the cookout when the argument began. "At this point, we don't think anyone else was involved," he said. He said investigators determined that McGonagill was carrying a 9mm pistol and shot Harris at least once in the leg. He said Harris pulled a .22-caliber rifle out of his truck, which was parked nearby, and fired at McGonagill, striking him multiple times. "At this point we know at least 13 total shots were fired," Pollan said. However, he said, "We cannot confirm who fired first." "Once I talk to (Harris), we'll meet with the district attorney and go over the case and decide then about charges," the sheriff said. Barbour, a Republican, sparked an uproar when he pardoned nearly 200 people as his second term was ending in January 2012. The total included four convicted murderers and a robber who worked as inmate trusties at the Governor's Mansion. Crime victims' advocates and families across the state called for the pardons to be revoked. Barbour has said he's at peace with the pardons because his Christian faith teaches about redemption. "I believe in second chances and I try hard to be forgiving," Barbour said in an interview last year. The issue went to the Mississippi Supreme Court, which ruled last March that the pardons were valid. Barbour's actions also prompted a short-lived legislative debate about changing the governor's pardoning powers. However, lawmakers made no changes. Mississippi's custom of using convicted killers and others serving long sentences as workers at the Governor's Mansion is somewhat unusual. For decades, it was the custom of governors to grant those workers some type of early release. Gov. Phil Bryant, a Republican who succeeded the term-limited Barbour, stopped the program. He also said he would not issue such pardons.  This headline suggests that the governor of MS made a mistake & put a violent man out on the streets.  But he served 7 years for selling marijuana?  He never would have seen the jail in Shelby County in those charges. Am I missing something? The only thing missing is the CA admitting, "We no longer make a pretense about being a legitimate journalistic endeavor or being the newspaper of record for the metropolitan Memphis area, so we make up sensational crap to get old, white people riled up." in response to 4walls: The only thing missing is the CA admitting, "We no longer make a pretense about being a legitimate journalistic endeavor or being the newspaper of record for the metropolitan Memphis area, so we make up sensational crap to get old, white people riled up." Their days as a newspaper of record are numbered. Eventually the legislature will allow publication on the court's websites rather than newspapers. If there is a stake through the heart of the beast, that will be it. The CA could have amounted to more, but they won't. They will cling to their left wing views until Scripps finally shuts them down for good and auctions off the remains. Willie Horton reincarnated, only this time he's goring a Republican ox. Where has Barbour been recently; I miss Foghorn Leghorn ("ah say, boy..."). in response to publicenemynumerouno: Their days as a newspaper of record are numbered. Eventually the legislature will allow publication on the court's websites rather than newspapers. If there is a stake through the heart of the beast, that will be it. The CA could have amounted to more, but they won't. They will cling to their left wing views until Scripps finally shuts them down for good and auctions off the remains. You picked your name wisely. You are, indeed, a public enemy, if by public you mean anything intelligent. Do you seriously believe the CA operates, in any way, independently of the mother ship (Scripps)? If so, you're a bigger fool than even your comment makes you sound. Scripps is one of the most conservative media conglomerates there is. Of course, compared to the teat you suckle on for the right wing poison that has obviously rotted your brain (Faux News), NOTHING is conservative. Go comment on their site, where I'm sure your kind of rabid nonsense will be welcome. Funny thing, the Mayor of Southaven sure had the heat fire up on him after this guy was out of office. Most of those pardoned were house servants in Jackson, weren't they? Think about it for a minute.... in response to Belvedere: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) How about Presidents? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinton_... Since this would not have happened if Barbour hadn't pardoned him, I suggest both families sue ex-gov Barbour.  The only way to curb gun violence is to go after the pocketbook. That fat little pus#sy Barbour should be charged with accessory to murder. in response to LarsJ: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) Still can't read without those Liberal Left Lenses in your glasses, huh? The article said the guy who died shot the other guy in the leg with a pistol he was carrying. Then the other guy had to get a gun to defend himself. Is it correct to say that you would have denied the guy who got shot, first, the right to defend himself? I'm watching the Packers-49ers football game.  It's halftime and WOULD YOU BELIEVE IT???? They are advertising a CAR SHOW to be held at the Cook Convention Center. More death and destruction to be put on our streets.   Nothing more than death awaits for those who step in front of one of those deadly otto--mo-bills.  Stop the carnage...STOP CAR SHOWS at publicly owned forums. in response to Belvedere: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) SURPRISE!!! SURPRISE!!!   Judges sentence them to prison but their release is not allowed by the judiciary....it's up to the Dept of Corrections and their minions. in response to lflfiner8: That fat little pus#sy Barbour should be charged with accessory to murder. Can't you haters read???  He was released in 2007 after serving his sentence.  And, if I read it right, he had also completed his post-release probation.  IOW, he had paid his price to society for dealing dope. Want to participate in the conversation?  Become a subscriber today.  Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime.  Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories. Feels Like: 57° Humidity: 77% Precip: 100% Feels Like: 61° Humidity: 70% Precip: 97% Feels Like: 27° Humidity: 85% Precip: 50% Loading... Sign up now to play our March bracket challenge! Search Shelby County Schools employee salaries in our Data Center. See 24 hours of #HoopCity in just 5 minutes. Join us on Facebook for news and conversation throughout the day. Will one of Memphis' most promising students choose college or painting houses? 30th anniversary series on a tragedy that took 4 lives and changed many more How Steve Jobs got the liver he needed in Memphis Who is the best men's basketball player in University of Memphis history? David Porter grooms talent for Memphis music revival Get Storm Shield, our new weather radio app for iPhone and Android! Check out our "100 (More) Things to Eat in Memphis Before You Die." And the winners are...