1 1  Three men were killed and a fourth was wounded in attacks across Chicago overnight, according to police. Shortly after midnight, Elvis Canfield, 51, was stabbed several times during a fight in the 3900 block of West Division Street, according to Police News Affairs Officer Hector Alfaro. Officers on the scene said Canfield was stabbed in the chest and shoulder just off the corner of Division Street and Harding Avenue, then stumbled around a parked car and collapsed on a sidewalk. Canfield grabbed a pole outside a store, leaving a bloody handprint, police said. Canfield, of the 1100 block of North Pulaski Road, was pronounced dead at Stroger Hospital just after 1 a.m.  Police learned the attacker's name from witnesses on the scene and officers were searching for him. Police said they believe he lives in the area where the slaying took place. Hours earlier, around 9:15 p.m. Tuesday, Andrew Bradford was shot while walking on a sidewalk in the 1600 block of West 59th Street in the West Englewood neighborhood, police said. A gunman walked up and confronted Bradford, 26, and fired shots, Alfaro said. Bradford, of the 5700 block of South Hermitage Avenue, was taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was pronounced dead at 10:22 p.m. Police said no one was in custody. Around 6:30 p.m. Tuesday in the Portage Park neighborhood on the Northwest Side, James Haarman was killed during an argument with his son, according to Alfaro. Haarman, 53, was arguing with his son in the 3900 block of North Long Avenue when the son, 27, pulled a knife and stabbed his father several times, Alfaro said. Haarman was pronounced dead at the scene and his son was taken into custody. In an attack in Humboldt Park, a 24-year-old man was shot in the hip around 9 p.m. Tuesday in the 1500 block of North St. Louis Avenue, the officer said. Alfaro said the man was with a friend when he encountered a group of rival gang members on the street. A fight began and some pulled out a gun and fired, Alfaro said. The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in good condition, according to police. No one was in custody and Area North detectives are investigating. rsobol@tribune.com Twitter:@RosemarySobol1