1 1 Police found a woman fatally shot inside a van "riddled with bullets" on Lake Shore Drive, causing authorities to close the southbound ramp to the Stevenson Expressway Friday morning. The Illinois State Police said the shooting death of Michelle Smith, 32, is believed to be related to drug and gang activity. She was not the victim of road rage or a random shooting, but of an isolated incident.   Police said there is no threat to the public.  Responding to a call of a car crash, police discovered a woman shot inside a van in the southbound lanes of Lake Shore Drive near I-55, said police News Affairs Officer Hector Alfaro, citing preliminary information. Smith was formally pronounced dead at Northwestern Memorial Hospital, Illinois State Police said. Initial reports said the driver was found slumped over the wheel and unresponsive. A 37-year-old female passenger in the van was not injured, state police said.  Police said the Chicago woman was struck by more than 10 bullets while driving a white minivan on the ramp from Lake Shore Drive to the Stevenson. They said after the first vehicle drove alongside her to open fire, another van pulled up and proceeded to shoot up the woman's vehicle.  Her vehicle came to rest on the section of the ramp that curves around McCormick Place.  Troopers and crime scene investigators walked up and down the ramp with their flashlights early Friday morning, gathering any evidence they could find, most importantly any shell casings from the shooting.  Investigators are looking into whether any cameras recorded the incident, from traffic cameras to McCormick Place security cameras. They are also questioning witnesses, to gather more information. Police have made no arrests, but they are on the lookout for a brown full size van.  As a result of the fatal shooting, authorities closed off both ramps between Lake Shore Drive and the I-55. First the southbound at around 4:20 a.m., and then the northbound ramp around 8 a.m. to protect the crime scene and investigators.  "Expect traffic delays," state police said in a statement. "It is unknown when the ramp will reopen." The southbound ramp was re-opened before 9 a.m. Friday, but as of that time the northbound ramp remained closed.  The Sun-Times Media Wire contributed to this report.  205 N. Michigan AvenueGround FloorChicago, IL 60601Station Operator: (312) 565-5532Newsroom: (312)565-5533