1 1 One man was killed and at least four were injured in shootings on the city's South and North sides, authorities said. The fatal shooting happened about 9:50 p.m. Sunday in the 8000 block of South Normal Avenue in the Gresham neighborhood on the South Side, Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said. Several men were talking outside when two gunmen approached on foot and opened fire, Greer said. The men scattered and the shooters fled on foot, according to police. When police arrived, they first found a 36-year-old man shot in the foot. He was taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where his condition was stabilized, Greer said. Shortly after, police found a man unresponsive on a rear porch nearby. He apparently fled there after being shot in the chest, Greer said.The man died on the scene, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner's office. The man was identified as Clifton Balentine, 40, of the 6400 block of South Greenwood Avenue, by the Cook County medical examiner's office. The homicide was the second murder of a weekend with 22 shootings, according to a police department spokesman. The same weekend last year saw 24 shootings and four murders, News Affairs Director Adam Collins wrote in an e-mail early this morning. At least three more people were shot early this morning, according to police. About 12:15 a.m., a 54-year-old man was shot in the ankle in the 9100 block of South Commercial Avenue in the South Chicago neighborhood, authorities said. He was taken to Advocate Trinity Hospital, where he was listed in good condition. In a third shooting, a 53-year-old man was shot about 12:55 a.m. in the 8400 block of South Hermitage Avenue in the Gresham neighborhood. Police believe the man was walking into his home when he was struck in the lower abdomen. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, where his condition was stabilized. On the North Side, a 31-year-old man was shot in the arm about 3 a.m. in the 5500 block of North Kenmore Avenue in the Edgewater Beach neighborhood, police said. The man was taken to St. Francis Hospital in Evanston, where he was listed in good condition. Check back for more information. asege@tribune.com | Twitter: @AdamSege