1    A woman killed this weekend in a Pearl Street apartment had been shot in the head, the Denver medical examiner's office said Tuesday. Police responding to reports of shots fired discovered Heather Hurd, 44, of Littleton, dead in The Cavendish apartments at 1317 Pearl St. just before midnight Friday. Clifford Dee Fordyce, a 40-year-old unemployed welder, is being held in the Downtown Denver Detention Center on suspicion of first-degree murder. Denver police have said the two were acquaintances and that the crime was not random, but have not elaborated on a motive. An unidentified witness told police that he stepped out of his apartment and saw Fordyce run down a set of stairs appearing "hysterical" and asking the man to call 911, according to a probable cause statement released Tuesday.  The witness told police he heard "thumping" and arguing before three gunshots. Officers found Hurd bleeding and a  pistol beside her body. A homicide detective noticed blood on Fordyce's socks and pants when he was taken to Denver police headquarters. Fordyce has a criminal past that dates back more than 12 years, court records show. It includes a 1991 prison sentence for a burglary and assault conviction as well as other burglary convictions. In 2003, he was arrested for firing a weapon and displaying a weapon in a threatening manor. On Feb. 5, 2004, Adams County Sheriff's deputies arrested him on kidnapping, burglary and domestic violence charges. The following month, Mountain View police charged him with numerous drug charges. In both cases, he served jail sentences to reduced charges. In 2010, he served a year-long jail sentence for neglecting an at-risk adult. In November, Denver police charged him with extortion and making threats. In that case, he was scheduled for trial Feb. 12, according to Denver County Court records.  Hurd has a record, too, for offenses including drunken driving and traffic offenses and more recently for drug possession and burglary.   Is your comment not appearing on the article? Read this. You must be registered to comment (your comment will be saved for you while you register). It's quick (it takes about 30 seconds) and we only require your email and name. Comments that include any offensive material are prohibited. By using our site you agree to our terms of use.      Add a comment:           