1 1 A series of unrelated violent attacks early Saturday in Philadelphia left two men dead and another in critical condition, police said.   The first shooting occurred just after midnight. Police said they arrived at the intersection of South 62d and Locust Streets in West Philadelphia to find multiple shell casings in the street.  Another radio call went out as they investigated the scene: A man had driven himself to Mercy Philadelphia Hospital and walked in. The 38-year-old was sedated and taken to the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania in "critical but stable" condition, police said.  His car, parked outside Mercy Hospital, had bullet holes in the driver-side door and window. The man had been shot three times, once each to the left shoulder, left side of his chest, and left side of his stomach.  At 1:19 a.m., police said, they received reports of a man screaming "Being assaulted with a stick or bat!" on the 5900 block of Charles Street in Wissinoming. They found a 31-year-old man bleeding from his head due to head trauma, slumped over in the driver's seat of his car, a blue Hyundai Tiburon.  Medics pronounced the man dead on the scene at 1:36.  His name has not been released, pending notification of family.  In connection with that incident, police were searching for four men who, they said, were in a black car - possibly a black Ford Crown Victoria with tinted windows - that was last seen driving east on Charles Street toward Benner Street.  Saturday's second homicide occurred about 1:40 in North Philadelphia, police said.  A 39-year-old man was found with gunshot wounds to his head and stomach, police said, by a family member in the living room of a home on the 1300 block of West Lippincott Street.  Medics took the man to Temple University Hospital, just a few blocks away; he was pronounced dead at 2:03.  Police have not released his name. Investigators had not identified a shooter or motive.  Saturday morning's violence followed a series of incidents Friday night, including a shooting just before 10:30 on the 4400 block of North Holden Street in the West Powelton section of the city that left a 22-year-old man in critical condition.  Police had not made an arrest in that shooting. 