1 1 LIVE BROADCAST: Live @ Five  			09/25/13 			by Vanessa McClure 							Morning News Reporter 					 INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.– An employee at the Ricker’s BP gas station at 38th Street and High School Road was shot during a robbery early Wednesday morning. The man was rushed to Wishard Memorial Hospital in critical condition and later died from his injuries. Police have identified the victim as 39-year old Elvalide Ndiaye of Indianapolis. Two robbers, a man and a woman stole cash and then took off in a car, said police. They’ve arrested 19-year-old Shayne Thompson, 20-year-old Jania Hudson and 20-year-old Ryan Clark, all from Indianapolis. Preliminary charges include murder, robbery and resisting arrest. Formal charges are expected to be filed Friday. About 45 minutes after the first robbery, police responded to another one at 71st Street and Keystone Avenue. Officers had already put together a suspect description using surveillance video and statements from an employee who was not injured during the incident at 38th and High School Road. Police said the two suspects in the 71st Street and Keystone robbery matched that description. A short time later, officers tried to initiate a traffic stop on Keystone Avenue near 54th Street. The car was going south and would not stop on its own, so officers used what’s called a Precision Intervention Technique to make it stop. Police said three people were inside the car. A backseat passenger stayed in the car and was apprehended without incident, while the driver ran about 30 yards before police caught up with him.  The driver was injured during the apprehension. A third suspect successfully left the scene, but police found him hiding in a van two blocks east of the crash, on Temple Road and 38th Street.  That suspect is described as an adult male. Elesia Grant, watching the situation unfold on the news, recognized the house that the van was next to right away. She told Fox 59 News that her seven grandchildren, ages 5 to 21, live there and she drove over immediately to check in on them. “When I just came in right now, they were just so traumatized about the incident that they were in there shaking,” Grant said. “They say, ‘Nana, we are so scared.’ “They’re saying, ‘What if he had gun and we came out to go to school and he shot us?’” Detectives said a firearm was recovered at the scene of the crash. VIEW & ADD COMMENTS Comments are closed.  					FOX59 WXIN-TV  6910 Network Place  Indianapolis, IN 46278  317-632-5900  Breaking News and Newstips: fox59news@fox59.com  Questions and Feedback: feedback@fox59.com				  			Copyright © 2014 Tribune Broadcasting Company | Powered by WordPress.com VIP		