1 1 Pia Porter, a 30-year-old black woman, was shot and killed Saturday, Sept. 21 in the 10600 block of South Crenshaw Boulevard in Inglewood, according to L.A. County coroner’s records. Porter and a 24-year-old man were standing near their vehicle when another vehicle drove by and a person inside shot at them, according to an Inglewood Police Department news release. The shooter fled the scene. About 2:21 p.m., officers went to the location and found Porter and the man wounded. Porter was pronounced dead at the scene at 2:35 p.m., said Jerry McKibben, an investigator with the coroner’s office. The other person who was wounded, later identified as Trandis Porter, 24, was treated at a hospital and is listed in stable condition, according to the release. Anyone with information can contact the Inglewood Police Department at (310) 412-5240. Those who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at (800) 222-8477. -- Nicole Santa Cruz This is hard to believe. I went to junior high school with Pia. She was a cool person and quiet and kept to herself. That is my memory of Pia. I haven't seen her since the late 90s but Im sure she was still the same person. R.i.p Pia This is crenshaw mafia hood either the brother was or mistaken for 1 of them thoughts & prayers go out to the family  2:21 pm? What is wrong with the police? i love you Pia Rest Easy :) She was from the Inglewood Avenue Piru Gang. Lived near where she was shot, Its a sad situation.  She was to young, but was apart of the gang world, as far as throwing gang signs and aggressive in the area where she was killed.  She was a BIG girl (heavy set) tom boy kinda, but nevertheless a human being.  Its a war right now with ave piru (Pias gang) and NHC 111-115 Crips.  Hopefully police can contain what will unfold, I know a lot of tias friends are pissed off and in a panic revenge state as we speak. Sad, but that ugly cycle of revenge back and forth, innocent people paying the price from herself just associating herself with gangsters (maybe she never killed anyone), bystanders, children, etc. Get hit by shooters that have nothing better to do but go out and hurt people for their silly reasons. Just Misery all together.No wonder people pack up and run out of L.A. specially the south region of L.A. too much violence. Sad,   senseless gang violence is just as bad as Klan members hanging us. Please do not support any artist that promotes gang life. its one thing to artistically talk about it ...but the rappers who promote it? boycott them. Pia was my lil homegirl. I will always love  & miss her. For Mr H Miner, that wasn't for u to put her business out there. RIP Pia Porter, 4-ever u will be missed. @ Boopie why not?....if she was bangin then let it be known that this could be the end result... This is so sad. I remember coming home to find the entire street blocked off with cop cars and yellow tape. I have only lived here for a few short years, but I've never seen anything happen on this street. For the most part it had been pretty peaceful, but lately there had become a ridiculous amount of tagging and young suspicious characters. I just knew something was about to happen. I usually workout around that time, thank God I wasn't able to that day. I have seen her and her brother hanging outside many times, but I never suspected them to be gang affiliated. They seemed cool. This story made my heart extremely heavy and has been on my mind since I heard about it. I feel really sorry for people who hear or witness these senseless acts of violence everyday. It's interesting, it wasn't until this case that I began checking the homicide reports. I truly had no idea that homicide was so prevalent in my area, I've been oblivious to it i guess. Anyway, R.I.P. Pia. And to the gangmembers who took her life away, people loved her just like people love you. I understand that in the street life it is kill or be killed, but It's not worth it to even take that chance. I understand some of you grew up around it or are looking for a sense of belonging, but There's so much more to life, Why take a chance on cutting it short early? I guarantee that someone will always be there to love and accept you, hell there's 6 billion people in this world. Find Another Way Please! ...Before It's too late. :'( Im going to miss you pia, you and my mother were the closest of friends. Just tell her I said hi and I love her and that the two of you guys are in a better place now :) you will forever be loved and missed. You will always be missed and love.  Perhaps it's her. Google maps 33.93988,-118.325309.  Pia, words can't express what you meant to me. It breaks my heart knowing you aren't here, but I know you're in a better place. Gone but never forgotten and you are truly missed!!! I will always love you Pia Mater!!!  				If you enter anything in this field your comment will be treated as spam: 