1 1 -- Read the tragic story of the third St. Pete Police officer killed in a month  -- Photo Gallery: Officer shot in St. Petersburg  -- Officers weep, gather at hospital  -- Memorial grows for fallen St. Pete police officer  -- Rays fans call officer's death "ultimate loss"  -- New video shows moments after officer shot  -- Funeral service for fallen officer   More on the suspect:  -- 16-year-old suspect arrested  -- Dad of accused cop killer apologizes, sobs in court  -- Nicholas Lindsey related to Tampa Bay Storm player  -- Teen's mom: I'm so sorry, my son made a mistake  -- Suspected cop killer was out to steal a car  -- Mayor: I thought Nicholas would be OK  -- Photo Gallery: Nicholas Lindsey's first court appearance  -- More Photos: Shooting suspect surveillance pictures   Additional Coverage:  -- St. Petersburg's History of Fallen Officers  -- Prior Story: St. Petersburg Officers Police officers Tom Baitinger and Jeffrey Yaslowitz shot and killed   -- Bulletproof vests save lives, but are not mandated   -- Future cops motivated, not scared by recent tragedies     						   							  							 Clearwater, Florida -- The father of 16-year-old accused cop killer Nicholas Lindsey sobbed as he spoke to a judge on behalf of his son Wednesday morning.  The young man's father, Nicholas Lindsey, Sr., cried as he faced Judge Raymond Gross and said he offered his family's deepest sympathies "to the family," presumably referring to the family of fallen St. Petersburg Police Officer David Crawford.  Police say the 16-year old confessed to shooting and killing Crawford during a confrontation near Downtown St. Petersburg on Monday night.  Photo Gallery: Nicholas Lindsey's first court appearanceMore Pictures: Officer Shot in St. Petersburg  The accused cop killer stood quietly in court with his hands uncuffed but behind his back. He wore an orange jumpsuit and gave basic information about his age and school when the judge asked direct questions.  During Wednesday's first appearance hearing, the judge ordered Lindsey held in secure detention at the county's Juvenile Detention Center until his trial, or until he's charged as an adult, a change Judge Gross said has "a very high probability" of happening.  The judge told the suspect's father the people of the community will be appreciative of his apology at what is "the start of a long journey" for his son through the justice system.  As the hearing ended, Lindsey, Sr. asked the judge a one last question.  "Can I hug my son?" he asked.  "I can't do that," the judge answered.  "Love you, son," Lindsey, Sr. called out.  Father and son both wiped tears from their eyes as they were led out separate courtroom doors. Full coverage:    							Grayson Kamm, 10 News  							