1 1  Fascinating !!!!  Don't worry bout it laws, anyway If u have to ask, u r clueless. Prayes to both families and all involved in this tragedy  The Yakima Culture  RIP Anthony Yocom. If you don't know him theirs no reason for you to be even commenting.  every race does bad things, there is no race of people better or worse.... WE ARE ALL EQUAL in GODS EYES.  oh i'm sure you'd give a crap if he were purple or green or from Pluto for that matter, think about it, in fact you'd prolly CRAP your pants if that were the case.  camellia i am friends with nikki  and i must say that is one of the most adult things i have heard from a family member at a time like this and u r very correct the teen aged CHILD affected  the lives of more than just the two of them but it will affect their familys for a long time , the teen ager will never be the same if he ever gets out he wont know how to be a member of society my thoughts and prayers to both families its a hard bite to swallow for both of you  I live in Yakima and none of my friends are in gangs.  I careless who he is or why he did it. RIP leaving a child fatherless & a grieving fiancé. Prosecutors 15 stupidity let it be a high price to pay. Carrying a gun is premeditated.  He does not have a right to carry little less take someone's life away.  Thank God he's off our streets.  jus so u know yocum wasnt in a gang he had friedns in gangs but thats all yakima is neynmore so next time dnt be too quick to judge.. when u loose someone to the something similar umight understand  I glad the punk was caught!!!!! Camellia my heart and prayers go out to U and the rest of the family. I knew him well and was very proud to see the way he changed for the BETTER. Saddened to see his life cut short, he was just beginning to shine.  @ Camellia i am so sorry for your families loss.  Everyone talks of stopping this youth violence problem but how? What are some ideas solutions to the problem not just acknowledging that we have a problem.  wtf did they catch the kid or not  what are you guys talking about he killed a man black, white, green I don't care fire him  Im sorry about your loss, he was a good guy who did try to turn his life around.  This situation is so sad and so senseless so many people have no regard for human life anymore. These young kids now a days have no respect for anything. The world we are now living in is a sad place my prayers go out to the victims family and friends.  Agree  The victims criminal history should have no bearing on the fact that he is now gone. What we should be talking about is why this happened and how to change things  I find out so very sad that a child would want to and have the resources to kill another human being. Instead of focusing on race we should be focused on making life better for ALL people.  Great job. Now let's not just slap him on the hand  somebody be profiling  The victim is my cousin ,yes he had made some bad choices in his past ..but he did his time..he turned around his life ...those of you that truly know him would agree he was a good man with so much to look forward too.he was a great athlete in school and his family is deeply sadden to loose him ..it was too soon.Please pray for our family and his grandma who raised him after his mom passed away in a tragic car accident when he was only seven ..no body is perfect we all make mistakes ,but nobody deserves to be ripped away from life at such a young age .I am also sorry for the shooters family ..they are also probably suffering from this tragic event ...I will keep you in my prayers to ..I hope your son is able to go on ,after he serves his time and changes his life for the better...I do not think he is evil but he made a terribly decision ,one he is going to have to live with,I hope when he gets out he is able to change his life around like Anthony was trying to do .  Don't  care about the race just try and lock him up as an adult.GUILTY!!!  everyone forgets about the black man im voting he was black just to be different  people assume its a Mexican or an indian because its Yakima,statisticly there are no white people here anymore its not racist its probability  No Jose vace everyone is tired of all the killing and senseless deaths regardless white black purple Hispanic or what there's too much good in the world these senseless killings need to stop  :)  so did I  I am glad they caught him the sad thing is any innocent by stander could have gotten hurt  Jose diaz that's his name somebody just said.there ya go the race question answered. Bye bye  Lacey joy van sickle......I know the mom. Great person! Dont always assume the parent is bad because of the choices the child makes. Sometimes u can only do so much.  Not much sympathy here - tangle yourself up with gangs, associate with thugs, raise kids in an environment that has no accountability and here is where you wind up. Everyone says RIP...but that's hollow. Where were they when the victim was making the choices that ultimately leads to this outcome. I'll reserve my sympathy and condolences for those that don't have a hand in their own demise.  Truly sad humans are killing one another for color, arguments, race or simply for saying the wrong word. At the end o the day family pays the price my condolences to family.  Gang member or not,white, Mexican, African, or whatever point is a teenagers are getting a hold of guns and no one is doing nothing about it!! As a community we should look out for one another and stop these crimes these kids are committing  even if it includes a community crime watch or talking and getting involved in our kids life if your not already. We should be able do go out without worrying of crimes .... MY POINT!!!  Do u ppl really know why the 15 year old did what he did  Another one bites the Dust! Good job PD.  i doubt it  What should be the question is; how does a 15 year old kid get raised up so warped that he can shoot a person twice? Not just blow a fuse and shoot, but go fetch a gun and come back and shoot. What kind of culture and environment breeds such contempt and disregard for human life? It's pathetic.  It dont matter race hes off the streets  Shooters name- Jose Diaz  I don't give crap if he's white yellow purple green brown or from Pluto he's a freaking murder ... An criminal is a criminal he killed someone now he deserves to rot in jail or be euthanized  Jose I'm not mad! It's as very sad thing that happened! It sucks that it happened both for the 15 year old and the 22 year old the both lost their lives very young. You are assuming that every white person is the same because you keep saying you white folks! From what comments I have read nothing had been racist except you keep saying white folks! You are just trying to make the white race look rude and racist which not all of us are at all! So maybe you should stop blaming white people for every thing! It's very frustrating and irritating when stuff like this happens and people always talk crap! It should never lead to this excuse it's a sad thing that happen and now this 15 year old is getting what came to him for killing another person no matter what either of their race was!  Suspected.  Why is race still and issue? We're all The human race !!  They said in the new in spanshi that he was not ded so is he or not  Don't blame race. Blame his own choices. ...  @Steve Laws exactly what choice did this victim make that lead to his demise?? doesnt the report say that the shooter went into a house right across the street?? how does that imply in any way that he was in a gang, associated with thugs, or raised in an environment that had no accountability?? it very well couldve been just an altercation between neighbors when the dumbass lil kid decided he was gunna go get a damn gun and shoot someone all because that someone said something that he didnt like. and any condolences wouldnt go to either the victim or the suspect they would go to the family who lost someone they loved and held dear and regardless of any of the reasons u gave is no reason they would deserve to lose someone they loved and absolutely no reason why they wouldnt be worthy of condolences. next time you should reserve your insensitive ignorant and unnecessary comments for something less tragic than a kid taking judgment into his own hands and taking the life of another human being. the world is already an ugly place, theres no need to make it uglier with rude jackass comments like yours. its likely his family is going to read all these comments and put yourself in their shoes. they had no choice in all of this but are hurting all the same. either have a damn heart or please stfu...  @Cowboys Cowgirls does it matter? anthony is dead. i cant think of even one reason that make what he did ok.   @Cowboys Cowgirls Let me guess - he was disrespected?