1 1   Join our newsletters               > More Recent Comments   ');   winprint.document.close();   winprint.focus();   }    Print  Email     Murder Ink   By Anna Ditkoff Published: February 6, 2013   	Seven people were murdered in seven days, making this the most murderous week in 2013. As of Feb. 4, there have been five more homicides this year than at the same time in 2012.   	Monday, Jan. 28    	12:01 P.M. Just after noon, Thomas Donaldson, a 46-year-old African-American man, was in the alley behind his home in the 1500 block of Stonewood Road near Morgan State University. Someone came up to Donaldson and shot him repeatedly. He died at a city hospital at 1:54 P.M.   	Tuesday, Jan. 29    	2:26 A.M. The next day, police were called to the 4900 block of Morello Road in Lauraville because a gun had been discharged there. When they arrived they found no evidence of a shooting. Five hours later, a 911 call came in informing police that a body had been found a block away in the 2600 block of Southern Avenue. Travis Jennings, a 29-year-old African-American, was shot several times and died at an area hospital at 8:21 A.M.   	Wednesday, Jan. 30    	6 P.M. The day after Jennings was killed, police were called to the 4600 block of Laurel Avenue for a shooting. Police canvassed the area but could not find the victim. Antoine Mason, a 37-year-old African-American man, was discovered nine minutes later less than a mile away in a car at the intersection of Greenspring and Cylburn avenues near Cylburn Arboretum. He had been shot numerous times and died at a local hospital at 9:20 P.M. Police believe Mason was shot on Laurel Avenue.   	Friday, Feb. 1    	8:11 P.M. Derrick Lee, a 26-year-old African-American man, was shot in the head in the 100 block of North Bentalou Street in West Baltimore. He died at a city hospital less than an hour later.   	Saturday, Feb. 2    	3:36 A.M. Police were called to a home in the 3400 block of Reisterstown Road near Druid Hill Park for a shooting. When they arrived they found two men in the entryway shot. A third man was discovered in a second-floor bedroom, shot in the hand. All three were taken to an area hospital. Two 32-year-old African-American men—the man shot in the hand and one of the men in the entryway—survived their injuries. The other man found in the entryway, who police have not yet been able to identify, died at 4:06 A.M.   	Sunday, Feb. 3    	12:58 A.M. Christopher Samuels, a 27-year-old African-American man, was shot in the head near the intersection of Wheeler Avenue and Baltimore Street just two blocks from where Derrick Lee was shot in the head two days earlier. Samuels died at a local hospital at 1:26 A.M.   	6:59 P.M. That night, during the Super Bowl, police were called to the home of Rockelle Harper, a 27-year-old African-American woman, in the 1600 block of McKean Avenue. She was found lying on her porch shot in the face. Her boyfriend, Michael Douglas, a 28-year-old African-American man, was with her. According to police, Harper and Douglas got into an argument. During the fight, Douglas allegedly pulled out a gun. The two struggled and Douglas allegedly shot his girlfriend, killing her. Harper is the third female murdered this year; the second as a result of domestic violence.   	Updates:    	On Jan. 17, Perry Roark, a 42-year-old Caucasian man, was sentenced to life in prison for founding and serving as “Supreme Commander” of the Dead Man Incorporated Gang (DMI) according to a press release from the United States Attorney of the District of Maryland. DMI was started as prison gang in 2000 and was initially affiliated with the Black Guerilla Family. DMI’s operations extended outside of prison in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Louisiana, and Texas, according to the U.S. Attorney. The gang perpetrated crimes including armed robberies, extortion, drug trafficking, and murder. As part of a plea agreement, Roark admitted to ordering and planning the murder of Tony Gieger, a 41-year-old Caucasian man. Geiger was shot in the head in Brooklyn on June 2, 2009. Three other members of DMI have been indicted for carrying out the murder.   	Kyle Stevens, a 22-year-old Caucasian man, was indicted by a federal grand jury on Jan. 17. Stevens was indicted for two homicides as well as drug and gun offenses. Stevens has been charged with the murders of James Wright and Keith Ray. James Wright, a 31-year-old African-American man, was found shot in the head on a footpath behind the GreenMount School in Remington on Jan. 24, 2006. Levar Shedrick, a then-20-year-old African-American man whose name is also listed as Justin Banks, was charged with the murder on July 3, 2006 but the charges were all dropped on April 11, 2008. Keith Ray, a 24-year-old African-American man, was found shot in the head on Sept. 25, 2007 under a pile of wood in Wyman Park just outside of Hampden. John Mooney, a then-22-year-old Caucasian man was convicted of conspiracy to commit murder for his involvement in the Ray’s death and sentenced to life in prison. Stevens was 15 when Wright was murdered and 16 when Ray was murdered.   	On Feb. 1, Kenneth Brunetti, a 41-year-old African-American man, was sentenced to life in prison and an additional 25 years for the murder of Lois Jean Vance Smyth, a 40-year-old Caucasian woman. Brunetti and Smyth went to high school together and reconnected on Facebook. On May 29, 2011, Brunetti lured Smyth to Baltimore ostensibly to attend a cook out. Instead, Brunetti shot her in the head and stole her car and bank card.   	Also on Feb. 1, Frederick Morrison, a 28-year-old African-American man, was convicted of murdering David McKoy, a 29-year-old African-American man. McKoy was shot to death in the middle of the afternoon on July 15, 2011. > Email Anna Ditkoff 501 N. Calvert St. Baltimore, MD 21278  (410) 523-2300 All parts of this site Copyright ©2014 Baltimore City Paper. News+Features Murder Ink  City Folk  Power Rankings  Campaign Beat Councilmania The Mail Static Columns Comics All Editorial Blogs Feedbag Noise: Music Blog The News Hole X-Content Crossword  Arts Visual Arts Stage Books+Publishing Film+Video Music  Local Music Music Events Big Music Issue  Restaurant Reviews  Find a Restaurant  Eat Special Issue Find a Club Search Calendar Events  Enter Calendar Event Art Benefit Business  Comedy Community Action Dance and Dancing  Film  Gay and Lesbian  Kids  Music  Notices  Seniors  Special events  Sports and Recreation  Stage  Talks Plus  Words  Best of Baltimore Home  Eat Special Issue Big Books Issue Film Fest Frenzy Sizzlin Summer Big Music Issue Fiction and Poetry Contest Holiday Guide Top Ten Search Articles Search Authors Search Issues Latest Comments Whose Responible? Classified Home Place Ad  Employment At Your Service Marketplace/Retail Stores Date/Chat Line Wellness For Adults Real Estate For Rent Roommates Place Ad Automotive Win Free Stuff Facebook Twitter Flickr Youtube