1 NEWPORT NEWS — Police are still working to piece together the circumstances surrounding the fatal shooting of a 35-year-old man in his Newport News home in late January. The man, identified in court documents as Christopher Patrick Day, was shot late Jan. 25 in the home he rented in the 5900 block of Potomac Avenue, off Briarfield Road near the Hampton city line. He died at a hospital three days later. Newport News police spokesman Lou Thurston declined to talk about the case, saying it's still an active investigation. Police and medical examiners have not yet classified the death as a suicide, homicide or accidental death. "I'm afraid that case is still pending," said Glenn McBride, district administrator for the State Medical Examiner's Office, saying the office has not yet ruled on the cause and manner of death. McBride said the office has ordered toxicology testing, which can take up to 12 weeks. One possible challenge to the investigation is that a crucial witness to the shooting — Day's roommate — has given different versions of the night's events. According to court documents police have filed in the case, the roommate, Keith Christopher Walker, 41, and his girlfriend drove Day to the hospital after he was shot. Hampton police got a call from Sentara at 12:29 a.m. on Jan. 26. At first, according to the affidavit filed in Newport News Circuit Court, Walker told a Hampton police detective, Steve Rodey, that he was driving on Briarfield Road with his girlfriend when he got a call on his cell phone from Day. Walker told police that Day asked him to pick him up at a 7-Eleven store on Briarfield, the affidavit said. Walker said he then saw Day standing on the side of the road at Briarfield and Briarwood (Drive). That's a good distance from the 7-Eleven, which is near the intersection of Briarfield and Aberdeen Road. As they pulled up, Walker told Rodey, he noticed that Day had been shot in the head. "Walker stated he helped Day into his vehicle and drove him to Hampton Sentara Careplex," the affidavit said. But in a later interview with the same detective, Walker "changed his story," the affidavit said. This time, according to the affidavit, Walker told Rodey he was in the small single-family house on Potomac Avenue, where both men were living, when Day told him "that he owed money to unknown people in New York." Then, according to that statement, Day went to his bedroom and got a handgun, and shifted it from his right hand to his left hand and placed it to the left side of his own head. Walker said he tried to take the handgun from Day, but that "the handgun went off," the affidavit said. Walker then said he helped Day into Walker's car and drove him to the hospital. He was later transferred to Riverside Regional Medical Center, where he died on Jan. 29 after three days on life support. The Daily Press interviewed Walker on Wednesday at a Jefferson Avenue car dealership where he works. In that interview, he gave another version of the story. "He was playing with a gun and an accident happened," Walker said of Day. "I don't think he thought the gun was loaded, and the gun was loaded." Minutes later, however, Walker cut the interview short, saying he was in the house when Day was shot but that he doesn't have a clear recollection of the events. "My buddy just died, and it was worse than anything I've seen in my entire life," he said. "I blanked it out." A search warrant executed at the home on Potomac Avenue and a Volkswagen Passat on Jan. 26 — "to cover any evidence in relation to the shooting of Christopher Patrick Gray" — yielded several items: Police seized a Remington revolver, a Titan .25-caliber handgun; gun cartridges; swabs from the trigger and grips from the guns; two white towels with "suspected blood"; several swabs of "suspected blood" from the living room floor, hallway floor, bedroom floor and a door frame; marijuana; an electronic scale; and a Sentry safe. On Jan. 31, according to court records, one of Day's relatives called police to say that she had gotten a text message from someone she didn't know saying he hoped one of his relatives would be arrested in the incident. Police obtained a search warrant for that text message and retrieved "electronic files." Neighbors said that Day and Walker, who moved in a few months ago, were both very friendly, with Day having two young sons who would often visit the home. Walker has not been living at the home since the shooting, several neighbors said. "Both of them were as nice as could be," said next door neighbor Bill Caldwell, a retired shipyard worker. "They were good neighbors, always real nice and polite. We never had any problem with them." Neighbors said that Day worked as a truck driver for a trucking firm and would often park the tractor portion of his tractor-trailer outside the house on Potomac Avenue.