1 Andy Matsko/Staff photo Police tape blocks the entrance to 3 N. 10th St. in Mahanoy City on Christmas Day where police say a murder-suicide occurred.   	MAHANOY CITY - A man and woman are dead after a murder-suicide at a borough home early Christmas morning.   	Richard C. Weikel, 37, and Stephanie L. Weikel, 28, were pronounced dead at the apartment they shared at 3 N. 10th St. at 2:17 a.m. by Schuylkill County Deputy Coroner David Truskowsky of Mahanoy City.   	Lt. John Kaczmarczyk said the couple were discovered after officers were called to the house about 1:20 a.m. for a report of a suicidal person.   	That call, police Chief Mark Wiekrykas said, came through the Schuylkill County Communications Center from Richard Weikel's ex-wife who resides in another community.   	Wiekrykas said Richard Weikel called his ex-wife and admitted to the murder.   	"He told her he just killed his current wife and said he wouldn't to be able to spend the rest of his life in jail," Wiekrykas said.   	The ex-wife called 911 and dispatchers alerted borough police about the possible suicidal man.   	Kaczmarczyk, the investigating officer, said that he and Patrolman Charles Kovalewski arrived within minutes and found the couple deceased.   	Wiekrykas said the couple was found inside the kitchen area of the apartment and that three weapons, a handgun and two long rifles, were recovered from inside as well.   	The investigation determined that the man shot the woman and then turned the gun on himself, Kaczmarczyk said.   	Detectives from the Schuylkill County District Attorney's Office were called in to assist and the investigation determined the death of the woman was a homicide, after which the man turned the weapon on himself.   	Both Wiekrykas and Kaczmarczyk said they are still trying to determine a motive to what led up to the shootings and that the investigation is ongoing. Mahanoy City EMS was called to the scene but it was soon learned their services were not needed because the man and woman were deceased.   	Yellow crime scene tape surrounded the house as daylight broke Christmas morning showing a dark contrast to other homes in the area decked out in red, green and white lights.                                                               