1 1 ROMANCE (KATV) - Detectives  with the White County Sheriffs Department have located and interviewed  additional witnesses to the early morning shooting in the Romance area that  left twenty year-old Donald Rouse dead.  Chief  Phillip Miller says, "The information and details provided during these  interviews, along with evidence and preliminary autopsy results have led the  investigation to conclude that the single gunshot wound sustained by Donald  Fletcher Rouse was accidentally self-inflicted." At this time no arrests are anticipated.  A complete investigative file, along with full autopsy and toxicology results,  will be submitted to the prosecuting attorney for further review.  Original Story, August 21:  A 20-year old has died from a gunshot wound to the head, but White County deputies have not determined if it was murder an accident or suicide. Investigators believe the mystery of Donald Fletcher Rouse's death can be solved by a witness who has not come forward. Down the dirt road, Swink Lane, there is one home is nestled in the dead end. Chief Phillip Miller adds, "It is a very small community. Most houses are wide spread so there is not a lot of activity that goes on. The rural areas are like that." At about 2:30 a.m., police and an ambulance responded to a 911 call of a man shot in the head. He was lying in the yard, dead. Chief Miller says hours earlier, between 10 p.m. and midnight a group of people were at the home. "They had been target practicing with some weapons there that we believe were involved with this shooting incident." A Channel Seven crew stopped by the home Wednesday. Cars were in the yard and a TV was on in the house, but no one came to the door. The homeowner is reportedly a friend of the deceased, Donald Fletcher Rouse. Chief Miller says, "The people that were there at the time have been cooperative thus far." But he says a witness who knows investigators are looking for him, has not come forward. "Right now we are just investigating as a death investigation. Through evidence collected at the scene, the autopsy results we will get from the crime lab and the witnesses that may have been there, we will use all that to determine cause of death." Other than the autopsy, Chief Miller says they have requested a screening for drugs and alcohol. A gun was found at the scene. Who it belongs to and if it is the gun used in the shooting death, has not been concluded.