1 Top blog Stories Cornell McKay: Sentencing Date Set By Danny Wicentowski One Ton of Weed Dealer Gets 30 Years By Ray Downs Baby Lemur Born at STL Zoo By Lindsay Toler Two Sentenced for Human Trafficking By Lindsay Toler St. Patrick's Day 2014: Get Ready By Lindsay Toler Hamburglars Crash into Mayor's Car By Lindsay Toler Ex-Gangster Is Lowest Paid City Employee By Danny Wicentowski Where Married Cheaters Live in STL By Lindsay Toler Meet St. Louis' Human Street Sweeper By Chad Garrison Women, Missouri Taking More ADHD Meds By Ray Downs Dyanthany Proudie has a lengthy rap sheet of violent crime.Nearly two months after a baby was found abandoned in a north county apartment building and the body of the child's mother was discovered days later in the trunk of a car, authorities finally have a suspect in custody.  Today St. Louis prosecutors charged 40-year-old Dyanthany Y. Proudie with the murder of Ebony Jackson and -- for the first time since her January 2nd death -- provided insight into how she may have spent her last few hours alive.   Jackson was in town from Oklahoma when, according to authorities, she stopped by an apartment owned by Proudie in the 4100 block of Ashland in north St. Louis. A probable cause statement made public today suggests that Jackson, 30, and Proudie were "acquaintances" but provides no specifics as to how they may have known each other.  The document states that at some point during the January 2 visit to Proudie's apartment, Jackson went to the bathroom to take a bath. She was preparing the tub when Proudie allegedly entered the bathroom and shot her once in the head -- the bullet entering near her left ear.   He stole someone very important from someone who needed her Deeply. prison is too god for this scum   Wow harsher punishments should have kept this menace off of the streets  Satan is alive!                                                                                                                                                   