1 1 Two men are charged in an overnight shooting in Quitman, which left one man dead and another critically injured. Myron Mitchell and Javis Denson were arrested Monday and were charged with murder and Aggravated Assault in the killing of one man, and the wounding of another.  They are being held in the Brooks County Jail. Agents tell us a Quitman neighborhood is lucky no innocent bystanders were hit by a stray bullet. GBI Agents say when Quitman Police officers responded to 802 Morris Avenue around 8:30 Sunday night, they did not immediately see any gun shot victims or suspected shooters. "Shots had already been fired and two individuals had already been shot. Both individuals had already been removed by bystanders who took them to the Brooks County Hospital in Quitman," said GBI Agent Steve Turner. Investigators say 29-year old Mickey Albritton was pronounced dead at the hospital. Another gun shot victim was first taken to Brooks County Hospital before he was airlifted to Tallahassee Memorial. GBI agents say with the amount of men, women, and children around during the shooting, the situation could have been a lot worse. "All ages from older individuals to children. Anytime you've got that kind of gunfire just in a crowd, obviously bystanders got hit. In this particular case they didn't. I think the ones who did get hit were intended to get hit," said Turner. 22-year old Myron Mitchell and 32-year old Javis Denson were detained for questioning at 11 p.m. last night. They were charged Monday afternoon with murder and aggravated assault. And agents say the suspects and the victims did know each other. "We know what the motive was, but I'm not going to release that right now. Agents say while they did get some good information about the crime at the scene, they say many folks did not want to cooperate with police. Agents say the second gun shot victim is in critical, but stable condition at Tallahassee Memorial Hospital. But they refuse to release his name or age.   Copyright 2013 WALB.  All rights reserved.