1   Join our newsletters               > More Recent Comments   Baltimore Daily Deals  powered by ReferLocal   ');   winprint.document.close();   winprint.focus();   }    Print  Email     Murder Ink   By Anna Ditkoff Published: January 30, 2013   	The person shot in the 3700 block of Old Frederick Road on Jan. 16 has been identified as Augustus Johnson, a 19-year-old African-American male. Two teenagers have been murdered in the first month of this year.   	Baltimore saw its first police-involved shooting of 2013 this week. Baltimore City police officer Olufemi Akinwande, a 29-year-old African-American male and five-year veteran of the force, was investigating a drug transaction near the 500 block of North Madiera Street in the Middle East neighborhood. At the scene, James Brown, a 41-year-old African-American man, allegedly got into a physical confrontation with the officer, injuring Akinwande’s arm and shoulder. Brown allegedly broke free from the officer and started running through the alleys in the area. Akinwande gave chase and Brown allegedly pulled out a semi-automatic handgun and fired several rounds at the officer. Akinwande then allegedly fired at least once at Brown, striking and killing him. Brown died before he could be taken to a hospital. Akinwande was taken to an area hospital, where he was treated and released.   	Tuesday, Jan. 22    	9:25 P.M. A 34-year-old African-American man and Justin Milton, a 32-year-old African-American man, were walking in the 600 block of North Milton Avenue near Johns Hopkins Hospital. An unknown number of people approached them. The 34-year-old ran to a carry-out restaurant at Milton Avenue and Monument Street. Milton ran to Monument and Rose streets. During the attack, the 34-year-old was shot in the body and Milton was shot in the head. Both were taken to a local hospital, where Milton died at 10:08 P.M. His companion survived.   	Sunday, Jan. 27    	11:46 P.M. Terry Williams, a 32-year-old African-American man, was shot repeatedly in the 400 block of Parksley Avenue, just off Frederick Avenue near Gwynns Falls Park. He died at a city hospital shortly after midnight.   	Updates:    	On Jan. 23, Jamar Anderson, a 23-year-old African-American man, was convicted of the double-shooting that left John Person, a 17-year-old African-American male, dead. At about 4 P.M. on Aug. 6, 2008, a woman saw Anderson, who was 18 at the time, committing a burglary in her apartment complex in the 2900 block of Garrison Boulevard and called the police. Anderson said he would come back and kill the woman for what she had done. Around midnight, Anderson came back and shot at her, firing 10 rounds from a semi-automatic gun. He missed the woman but hit her cousin, Person, in the back. Person died on Aug. 17, 2008. Anderson was previously convicted of Person’s murder and the attempted murder of the woman on Oct. 14, 2009, but the ruling was overturned on Oct. 6, 2011 because a comment from the judge was believed to have prejudiced the jury.   	A second person has been arrested for the murder of Michelle Adrian, a 17-year-old Caucasian female. Tevin Hines, an 18-year-old African-American male, was arrested on Jan. 23. Dorrien Allen, an 18-year-old African-American man, had already been arrested on Jan. 16. Adrian and a 19-year-old Caucasian male were shot while in a truck in 3900 block of West Mulberry Street on Jan. 15. Adrian died; the male survived. Police initially said that the pair were in the block to buy drugs when they were shot. In a press release announcing the arrests of Allen and Hines, police describe the incident as a “robbery that turned violent.” > Email Anna Ditkoff 812 Park Ave. Baltimore, MD 21201  (410) 523-2300 All parts of this site Copyright ©2014 Baltimore City Paper. News+Features Murder Ink  City Folk  Power Rankings  Campaign Beat Councilmania The Mail Static Columns Comics All Editorial Blogs Feedbag Noise: Music Blog The News Hole X-Content Crossword  Arts Visual Arts Stage Books+Publishing Film+Video Music  Local Music Music Events Big Music Issue  Restaurant Reviews  Find a Restaurant  Eat Special Issue Find a Club Search Calendar Events  Enter Calendar Event Art Benefit Business  Comedy Community Action Dance and Dancing  Film  Gay and Lesbian  Kids  Music  Notices  Seniors  Special events  Sports and Recreation  Stage  Talks Plus  Words  Best of Baltimore Home  Eat Special Issue Big Books Issue Film Fest Frenzy Sizzlin Summer Big Music Issue Fiction and Poetry Contest Holiday Guide Top Ten Search Articles Search Authors Search Issues Latest Comments Whose Responible? Classified Home Place Ad  Jobs Services Stuff For Sale Massage Dating Adult Real Estate For Rent Place Ad Cars, Trucks+More Services Win Free Stuff Event and Issue Newsletters  Facebook Twitter Flickr Youtube