1   GREENWOOD VILLAGE — A man considered a person of interest related to the slaying Thursday morning of  a woman in Greenwood Village was found dead in his apartment. Greenwood Village Police Cmdr. Joe Harvey said Denver SWAT team members and a K-9 unit entered the apartment Thursday afternoon and found Robert Lewis, 51, dead of a single self-inflicted gunshot to the head. Police waited most of the afternoon for a warrant to enter the residence at the Carriage Place Apartments, 4900 S. Ulster St. in Denver.  Around 5 p.m., they lobbed  in tear-gas canisters and a flash-distraction device and then entered Apartment   107 looking for Lewis in connection with the shooting of 25-year-old Emily Weikert in a parking garage a couple of blocks away. Harvey would not call Lewis a suspect in her slaying but said that because Lewis had been fired this month for harassing the victim, "We can't rule him out as a suspect." Earlier in the afternoon, police had used a megaphone in an effort to summon  Lewis from the apartment.  The complex is  near  the Promenade Place Apartments at 5200 S. Ulster in Greenwood Village, where Weikert was found shot to death on a ramp between the third and fourth levels of the parking garage at about 7:20 a.m.  Police said Lewis worked with Weikert  at the national headquarters of CoBank, at 5500 S. Quebec St. in Greenwood Village, until he was fired a few weeks ago for harassment.  Weikert was a credit analyst at the bank, which specializes in agribusiness lending. Lewis had worked as a credit manager there. Police were at the bank Thursday at the same time other officers were at Lewis' apartment.  "We extend our heartfelt condolences to the family of the victim," CoBank spokesman Arthur Hodges said. "Out of respect for the investigation, and those involved, we are not commenting further at this time."  A 911 call was first made at 7:12 a.m. The caller did not say anything, and police were attempting to determine the location of the caller when a "shots fired" call was received, Greenwood Village spokeswoman Crystal Dean said. Police found Weikert between two cars and attempted to resuscitate her, Dean said. She had at least two gunshot wounds. Weikert was  pronounced dead at the scene, Dean said.  Police found evidence of a struggle at the shooting site, she said. The parking garage where Weikert was found is only for residents of   the apartments, Dean said. Police  questioned another man with whom the victim probably had a relationship. That man, also considered a person of interest, has been cooperative, police said. According to her LinkedIn social-media page, Weikert joined CoBank in January 2010. She had earned her bachelor's degree in finance at Iowa State University in 2009 and was a member of the Iowa State Symphony Orchestra, according to her social-media profile.  She was the College of Business' student marshal for the fall 2009 commencement, selected by the university president, according to Iowa State's website. Court records state Lewis was divorced in Douglas County in 2000. His only criminal  record is a felony trespassing charge by Greenwood Village police in 1996, accompanied by  a misdemeanor theft charge. That case was dismissed, and Lewis paid $241 in restitution, according to court records. The case included a temporary protection order. Kirk Mitchell: 303-954-1206, facebook.com/kmitchelldp or twitter.com/kmitchelldp Staff writers Sadie Gurman and Joey Bunch contributed to this report. Is your comment not appearing on the article? Read this. You must be registered to comment (your comment will be saved for you while you register). It's quick (it takes about 30 seconds) and we only require your email and name. Comments that include any offensive material are prohibited. By using our site you agree to our terms of use.      Add a comment:           