1 A teenager was found shot to death along an Oregon highway and the man suspected of killing her was found gravely wounded of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot. TheÂ OregonianÂ reportsÂ that the body of 16-year-old Kayla Ann Hendrickson of Beaverton was found dumped on the side of Highway 6 about 18 miles east of Tillamook late Friday. Police discovered the girl’s body after a 911 call reporting “suspicious circumstances along Highway 6.” KOIN 6Â reportsÂ that an Oregon State Police investigation “confirmed the woman’s death was from homicidal violence.” On Sunday, the Oregon State Medical Examiner’s Office performed an autopsy and reported the cause of death as multiple gunshot wounds. There is currently no information on the type of gun used to kill Hendrickson. Authorities in Humboldt County, California found the murder suspect, 24-year-oldÂ Jacob Allen GreenÂ of Newport, seriously injured from what appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound in a pickup truck matching the description of the vehicle sought in connection with Hendrickson’s murder. Green was rushed to an area hospital where he later died. Green was the only suspect in Hendrickson’s death. Hendrickson is the latest in a string of teens to be shot to death around the country in recent days. In Henry County, Georgia, an unidentified 14-year-oldÂ accidentally shotÂ his 15-year-old brother to death early Saturday morning. On Thursday, 16-year-oldÂ Alisha ColonÂ of Kearny, New Jersey was shot dead in her bedroom. The shooter remains at large. Also on Thursday,Â Kaewaun D. Coleman, 15, of Columbus, Ohio was shot dead during an after-school brawl involving around 50 teens. On Wednesday, 17-year-oldÂ Tyrone LawsonÂ of Chicago was shot to death while fleeing an altercation after a high school basketball game. And on Tuesday,Â Michelle Adrian, 17, of Middletown, Maryland was shot and killed while allegedly attempting to buy drugs in Baltimore. Tagged gun deaths, Jacob Allen Green, Jacob Allen Green Newport, Jacob Green Newport OR, Kayla Ann Hendrickson, Kayla Ann Hendrickson Beaverton, Kayla Hendrickson Beaverton OR, Oregon teen shot, shooting deaths, teen gun deaths Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment*  							 