1 March 15, 2014 Click on the video links above for the latest developments in this case, including an interview with the murder victim's sister. The Lancaster County Sheriff's Office says 21-year-old Adrian Casares has been taken into custody. They said he was arrested at about 5:30 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 15, by the Lone Star Fugitive Task Force in San Antonio, Texas. He was wanted on a warrant for making terroristic threats and use of a weapon to commit a felony in connection with the murder of 25-year-old Tyler Schoenrock. Investigators say Casares was found with 26-year-old Tiffany Zerley. She was also arrested on a warrant for felony shoplifting. On January 11, 2013, the Lone Star Fugitive Task Force received information that Casares along with his girlfriend, Zerley,  had fled Nebraska in a Ford Explorer and were hiding out in a residence in San Antonio.   Tuesday night, Task force officers determined that Casares and Zerley were hiding out in a house located in the 100 block of Surrey Avenue.  Task force officers initiated surveillance and subsequently located the Ford Explorer.   Task force officers entered the residence where Casares and Zerley were immediately arrested.   Arrangements are being made to extradite Casares and Zerley back to Lancaster County. This comes nearly a week after another man arrested in connection to the murder faced charges in Lancaster County Court. During a preliminary hearing Monday, January 7, Miguel A. Castillo was charged with Accessory to a Felony in the death of Schoenrock. Accessory to a Felony is a Class III felony punishable by a minimum of one year and up to 20 years in prison. A judge appointed a public defender for Castillo and set his bond at 10 percent of one million dollars.  Castillo was arrested January 2 on suspicion of 1st Degree Murder. After interviewing Castillo, the Lancaster County Sheriff's Department developed a second suspect. Deputies filed an arrest warrant for Casares Friday, January 4.  Sheriff Terry Wagner said Schoenrock's body was found in a rural area north of Lincoln. Wagner said a preliminary autopsy report has confirmed that Schoenrock was shot to death.  Schoenrock's bullet-riddled body was found by a newspaper carrier. Several shell casings were found at the scene. According to the arrest warrant, Schoenrock had two bullet wounds to his back and one bullet wound to his head. No weapon was recovered at the crime scene. According to witness statements in the arrest warrant, Casares, Castillo and a third man had been drinking at Schoenrock's house wearing gloves. The three reportedly led Schoenrock into a back bedroom of the house, made him get onto his knees while Casares put a gun in his mouth. According to court documents, the men threatened Schoenrock because they believed he was a "snitch" and gave a probation officer information about the others in the past. After the men left, Schoenrock reportedly told a friend that he had diffused the situation and eventually asked the three to come back later in the evening to get meth. According to the probable cause affidavit, Schoenrock's cell phone contained conversations about Castillo coming to the victim's house to pick him up Sunday morning, December 30th. During an interview with police, Castillo admitted that he and Casares picked Schoenrock up early on December 30 and drove in the country. Castillo said Casares stopped the vehicle and got out with the victim. Castillo said he stayed in the vehicle, heard shots being fired and saw the victim fall to the ground. Castillo said he did not know this was going to occur but admitted he never checked on the victim, never called for medical attention and never notified law enforcement. Click the Probable Cause Affidavit link above for more details on Castillo's interview with police. Online court records shows Casares has a lengthy criminal history in Hall County. Back in November 2010, he was arrested in a gang crack down by the FBI. He has been tied to the gang known as the "East Side Locos." He was found guilty of third-degree assault and unlawful membership recruitment .  Casares has a few arrests in Lancaster County Court. One is for possession of a weapon by a prohibited person, however, prosecution was declined. Online court records show Schoenrock had trouble with the law. In October 2009 he was given three years of probation for drug convictions. In February 2006 Schoenrock was given two years of probation after pleading guilty to being an accessory to a robbery. With Nebraska's win over #9 Wisconsin, did the Huskers earn a spot in the NCAA Tournament? 