1 Car lovers can fill up on new cars and automotive technology at the 2014 Columbus International Aut... 				 Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! A man shot and killed by Columbus police in his North Linden home on Monday night told a dispatcher minutes before the shooting that he had a gun and was going to use it if another man didn’t leave his house. John E. Kaufmann Jr., 51, called 911 about 7 p.m. and told the dispatcher that he wanted a man removed from his house at 3576 Beulah Rd. He said he had invited him inside but now wanted him gone. “I got a 9-millimeter in my pocket, and if he don’t leave, I’m going to shoot his (expletive),” he said. “You better get over here real quick.” About the same time, the other man called 911, telling the dispatcher, “I’ve got a gun to my face.” Police did not identify the second man, but Kaufmann tells a dispatcher his name is Jason. In the 911 recordings, the two men can be heard arguing, including over who awakened whom. One tells the other to stop accusing him of things. “Let’s just call it even,” one says. About four minutes into the second call, two police officers can be heard arriving at the one-story house at Beulah and Carolyn Avenue. According to Sgt. Rich Weiner, a police spokesman, one officer went to the front while the other went to the back. The officer in front saw that Kaufmann was pointing a gun at another man. The other officer entered through the back door and ordered Kaufmann to drop the gun. When Kaufmann refused, the officer, identified as six-year veteran Bryan Mason, fired multiple times, Weiner said. Kaufmann died in Riverside Methodist Hospital at 8:27 p.m. All fatal police shootings are reviewed by a grand jury and by the Police Division.  amanning@dispatch.com  @allymanning Most Popular Most Shared Dispatch Media Group