1 1 April 7, 2014 A death certificate says a former Florida deputy sheriff was shot in the left side of his face inside the home of a Camp Lejeune Marine. Dale Smith was killed August 9th at the home on Savannah Drive in Jacksonville. Police have charged Corporal Benjamin Marisic with the man's murder. A 911 call says the 39-year-old Smith was an intruder in the Marine's home.  The caller, who is believed to be Marisic, told 911 that he shot the man in his hallway. When asked if he had been drinking that night, the man told 911 "I mean, I had, uh, one or two beers, but that's about it." Marisic remains in the Onslow County jail.  Police have not said anything about a possible motive in the homicide. Smith was a civilian worker at Camp Lejeune and last worked for the Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office in 2009.  Previous Story The man on a 911 call says he killed an intruder inside his Jacksonville home last week. Corporal Benjamin Marisic was charged a week ago with the murder of Dale Smith.  The former Florida deputy sheriff was found dead on August 9th inside the Camp Lejeune Marine's Savannah Drive home by police . Jacksonville police on Friday released the 911 call at the request of WITN News.   In the call, a man who said he lived at the home told 911 he shot an intruder.  "I had someone break in and I shot him," said the man.  "Okay, do you know who broke into your residence?" asked a 911 operator.  The man replied, "I do not ma'am." The man said the victim was in his hallway, while the weapon was in his room.  He said he didn't believe there was anyone else in the house as his roommate had just returned from Afghanistan. When asked if he had been drinking that night, the man told 911 "I mean, I had, uh, one or two beers, but that's about it." Marisic remains in the Onslow County jail.  Police have not said anything about a possible motive in the homicide.  Previous Story A Camp Lejeune Marine appeared before a judge this morning, accused of killing a former deputy sheriff. Cpl. Benjamin Marisic, was charged Friday morning with an open count of murder.   The 24-year-old Marine is being held without bond in the Onslow County jail for the murder of a Dale Smith.  The former Florida deputy sheriff was found dead in Marisic's home. Marisic told the judge he would be hiring his own attorney.   His next court date is August 29th.  Previous Story A former Florida deputy sheriff is dead and police say a Camp Lejeune Marine is charged with his murder. Jacksonville police say they were called to 713 Savannah Drive around 3:45 a.m. where they found 39-year-old Dale Smith dead from a gunshot wound. Smith was a patrol deputy from March 2006 to September 2009 for the Okaloosa County Sheriff's Office and prior to that worked for the Bay County Sheriff's Office from 2001 through 2006.  The owner of the home, Cpl. Benjamin Marisic, was charged Friday morning with an open count of murder.  The 24-year-old Marine is being held without bond in the Onslow County jail pending a first appearance on Monday. Police say Smith worked as a civilian contractor at Camp Lejeune, but have not released any information about a possible motive. Camp Lejeune says Marisic is a rifleman assigned to the 3rd Battalion 2nd Marines. They say the Pittsburgh native joined the Marine Corps in 2009 and was deployed to Afghanistan for six months in 2011.  Previous Story A Camp Lejeune Marine has been charged with murder after an early morning shooting at his home. Jacksonville police say Corporal Benjamin Marisic has been charged with murder.  He is being held without bond and has a Monday court date. Killed in the 3:45 a.m. shooting was Dale Smith of Crestview, Florida.  Police say the shooting that happened at 713 Savannah Drive.   Savannah Drive is in the Carolina Forest subdivision off Ramsey Road and records show Marisic owns the home. The 39-year-old Smith was a civilian contractor on base, according to police. Camp Lejeune says Marisic is a rifleman assigned to the 3rd Battalion 2nd Marines.  They say the Pittsburgh native joined the Marine Corps in 2009 and was deployed to Afghanistan for six months in 2011. The Naval Criminal Investigative Service is assisting police with this case.