1 Today's Paper, also known as the e-Edition, is an online replica of the  printed newspaper. You can view today's paper or previous issues.  FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg continued to get flak Thursday over her agency’s approval of the powerful new painkiller Zohydro. This blog takes a closer look at murder in the city. Leila Dempsey's homicide shocked even a violence-numbed Milwaukee back in 1996. The 21-year-old woman was walking with her 2-year-old son in her arms when someone shot her in the back of the head with a shotgun. The boy wasn't injured. Within a week, three juveniles, ages 14 and 15, were charged with killing Dempsey during an armed robbery attempt. But a big problem emerged: None of their confessions matched the facts. The gun they said they used was a .410-gauge shotgun, but a 16-gauge shell was recovered near Dempsey's body. By April 1997, nearly four months later, prosecutors had to dismiss all the charges, and the case grew cold over the years. On Thursday, prosecutors charged a different man, Randy Q. Baines, who has confessed to the crime with specific details only the real killer would know — such as the kind of toy Dempsey's boy was holding when he watched his mother die. Read story. A second man was charged Wednesday in connection with the shooting death of an employee at a south side Family Dollar store. Read story. Two men killed in separate shootings on Milwaukee's north side were identified by police Tuesday as Fredon L. Teamer, 24, and Demetrius J. Grayson, 37. Read story. Two men were charged with killing another man on Milwaukee's south after the man saw one of the accused on a bicycle stolen from his younger brother. Read story . A 33-year-old man shot to death in an apparent robbery attempt on Milwaukee's east side was a large-scale drug dealer who reportedly sold out of a Milwaukee house but kept a stash house in a suburb, according to a recently released search warrant. Also, Milwaukee police, Monday, identified three people shot to death in the city since Saturday and reported another killing on the city's north side. Read story. If you follow the Journal Sentinel's crime coverage and the Homicide Tracker, you've likely noticed that the total numbers of homicides in news stories can differ from the Homicide Tracker tally. Here's why: At the Journal Sentinel, our total includes those victims who were killed in an act of self-defense. The FBI Uniform Crime Reporting system does not count those cases termed "justifiable homicide." From the FBI website: "In the UCR program, justifiable homicide is defined as and limited to: The Journal Sentinel's Homicide Tracker indicates that there have been 69 homicides in Milwaukee this year. Four of the homicides were deemed justifiable because of self-defense.  Those cases are: Without those four cases, the total UCR number of homicides as of 11 a.m. Aug. 30, 2013, is 65.  The Milwaukee Police Department uses UCR when it releases official numbers, as it did today (Aug. 30) when it said there have been 65 homicides so far in 2013, compared to 55 at this time in 2012. (An 18% increase -- coming on the heels of a 6% increase from 2011 to 2012). The department uses UCR numbers because it provides a consistent way to compare years of data.  So in stories when it comes time to compare the numbers year-to-year, I use the UCR numbers for an apples-to-apples comparison. --- Some additional information: Victims of fatal officer-involved shootings also are not included in UCR counts nor are they included in the JS Homicide Tracker. If you think you those victims should also be included, please comment below or send an email to jscrime@jrn.com. So far in 2013, three people have been killed by Milwaukee police:   A Milwaukee man was found guilty of first-degree intentional homicide Thursday in the shooting death of a man in a south side alley. Read story. A teenager was charged Thursday with killing a man during a home invasion robbery in April. Read story. A teenager out on bail for robbery has been charged in the shooting death of a man during a random street robbery on Milwaukee's near west side, according to court records. Read story. A man who arranged a sex date for money with a pregnant woman he met on a chat line shot her nine times after meeting her in her apartment on Milwaukee's northwest side, according to a criminal complaint. Read story.  A 19-year-old man was shot to death Monday night on the city's north side and  several other people were wounded in unrelated shootings, Milwaukee police said  Tuesday afternoon. Read story. Milwaukee police identified the 16-year-old boy who was shot to death Monday as Marvin J. Cottrell, who is the 26th person slain in the city this year, according to a database maintained by the Journal Sentinel. Cottrell was shot "during a disturbance" at 3:30 a.m. Monday outside an apartment building in the 2500 block of W. Glendale Ave. No suspects are in custody, though two people were arrested at the scene for unrelated matters, police said. The teen was the fifth person fatally wounded by gunfire in the city in May. All of the victims this month have been 16 to 20 years old. Rico L. Blackmer, 17, was shot by his intended robbery victim Saturday when the victim, a 60-year-old man, wrestled the gun away from him and the gun fired. The Milwaukee County District Attorney's Office is reviewing the case. Two people are facing charges in the May 7 shooting death of 20-year-old Samuel J. Bussanich, who was killed in a drug-related incident, police say.  Daniel J. Gardner, 17, was killed in a brazen daylight shooting at a Washington Park playground on May 6. Police said the slaying was targeted and believe that Gardner knew the shooter. No one has been arrested in that case. Devonte Deshawn Tate, 20, reportedly was killed May 4 with his own gun as he and his intended victim fought over the firearm. Larentaz A. Daniels, an alleged accomplice in the robbery, now faces a felony murder charge. Twenty-six people have been slain in Milwaukee in 2013, compared to 33 during same time last year, according to a Journal Sentinel database. The 2013 total does not include the deaths of Dwight E. Killibrew and Kenneth W. Pierce because autopsies are still pending in those cases.      A man shot to death in a north side home was identified by police Thursday as Nathaniel C. Jones, 56. The shooting was reportedly shortly after 6:30 p.m. Wednesday in the 4700 block of N. 34th St. A 55-year-old man was wounded in the incident and was taken to a hospital with injuries that were not believed to be life-threatening, police said. No was in custody Thursday in connection with the double shooting. Last week, police also identified a homicide victim as Eric S. Madison, 30, of Milwaukee. Madison was found shot to death about 1 a.m. April 10 inside a vehicle that crashed into a building in the 4900 block of W. Hampton Ave. Witnesses told police that they saw a vehicle driving erratically and crossing the median on Hampton Ave. before it crashed into the side of an apartment building. Funeral services for Madison were held Monday. The city has recorded 19 homicides so far this year. The total does not include the deaths of Dwight E. Killibrew and Kenneth W. Pierce as autopsies are still pending in those cases. A 28-year-old man is in jail on suspicion of dealing a fatal punch to 21-year-old Dimontrell Pompey, according to a recently unsealed search warrant. According to the warrant: Pompey died at 3:40 p.m. March 29 at Wheaton Franciscan Healthcare-St. Joseph's hospital. Police said Pompey was out with his brother and a friend at about 3:25 a.m. March 27. The group was bar-hopping and then decided to get something to eat. Pompey was intoxicated and was told to leave the restaurant by the security guard. Pompey walked off by himself and was later picked up and driven back to his home in the 7000 block of N. 43rd St. When they arrived, Pompey said he was upset that no one defended him at the restaurant. The suspect then punched Pompey. Pompey's brother said his sibling was on his back, bleeding from the nose and mouth.  The suspect is currently in the Milwaukee County jail. Police filed the search warrant seeking DNA from the suspect because the suspect refused to provide a sample. Two men charged with felony murder in connection wtih a January double homicide on Milwaukee's south side are expected in court for separate hearings Thursday. Maurice D. Dixon, 26, and Maltese Lavele Williams, 18, are charged with two counts each in the death of Michael J. Parker, 44, and Authur L. Robinson, 29. The victims were killed Jan. 15 at Parker's home in the 1100 block of S. 24th St. Dixon and Williams are expected to face a jury April 22. A third man, Dajuan Shaquille Collins, also is charged in the murders. Collins claimed that Williams shot the men during a robbery, but Williams and Dixon said Collins was the shooter, according to the complaint.       Two men will be arraigned Monday on charges of first-degree reckless homicide in the March death of a 24-year-old Milwaukee man. Unquail T. Kennedy, 18, and Isiah O. Smith, 21, are accused of killing Marcell F. Alexander, who was shot in the hallway outside his apartment in the 2700 block of W. Lisbon Ave. Cell phone pictures and surveillance video were used to identify the suspects. The video showed Kennedy with a gun in his hand leaving the apartment complex with Smith, according to the criminal complaint. Updated April 5: Milwaukee police said Dimontrell Pompey, 21, died March 30, after he was punched in the head March 27, making him the 14th homicide victim in 2013. Scott was killed March 31.  A man who was found beaten to death about 2 p.m. Sunday has been identified. Curtis C. Scott, 49, of Milwaukee was found in an alley in the 3500 block of N. 5th St. Two men, ages 46 and 48, have been arrested in connection with his death, Milwaukee police said Monday. Scott is the 15th homicide victim in Milwaukee this year. The homicide total does not include Dwight E. Killibrew and Kenneth W. Pierce. Autopsies are still pending in those cases.  The trial for one of two men charged with fatally shooting a 21-year-old Milwaukee man about 30 times in February is set to begin next week. Dwayne A. Cannon, 22, and Christopher Davis Clair, 20 are charged wtih first-degree intentional homicide, use of a dangerous weapon, and attempted first-degree intentional homicide, use of a dangerous weapon, in the death of Kenneth Jackson and the wounding of Jackson's girlfriend. The two were shot Feb. 1 in the 2400 block of N. 41 st. A third man, 23-year-old Carlos Thomas, is charged with harboring or aiding a felon in connection with the case. Cannon allegedly fired the first round at Jackson and his girlfriend, according to the criminal complaint. He is due in court Tuesday for a pretrial hearing. A jury trial is set to begin April 8. Police have identified a man fatally shot in the 6000 block of W. Appleton Ave. as 39-year-old Vincent D. Horton Jr. Family members, however, told investigators his name is Vincent Walker, a police spokesman said. No arrests in the case have been reported. Three men have been charged with two separate homicides while the case against another accused killer is set for a court proceeding Friday. Luis Perez-Guillermo, 49, is charged with first-degree intentional homicide, use of a dangerous weapon, in the death of Daniel Perez, 39. A criminal complaint alleges Perez-Guillermo believed the mother of his children was having an affair with Perez, who was fatally shot March 10. Read story. Arrests warrants have been issued for Unquail T. Kennedy, 18, and Isiah O. Smith, 21, who are charged with first-degree reckless homicide in the fatal shooting Marcell F. Alexander, 24, March 4. Read story. Meanwhile a scheduling conference is set Friday for Rondale Tenner, 33, who is accused of fatally shooting Hank J. Hagen, 33, Feb. 14 during a marijuana deal. Read story. The three killings, along with three other confirmed homicides in February, have pushed the number of killings in Milwaukee in 2013 to 12, while autopsies were pending in two other death investigations. Along with Hagen, also killed in February were Anthony B. Martin, 35, shot Feb. 4 in the 2400 block of N. 48th St.; Jordin J. Crawley, 21, shot Feb. 3 in the 1800 block of W. Greenfield Ave. and Kenneth D. Jackson, 21, shot Feb. 1 in the 2400 block of N. 41st St. Autopsy results are still pending in the deaths of Kenneth W. Pierce, 50, who was found Feb. 24 in the 4900 block of N. 51st Blvd. after reportedly being beaten by several men, and Dwight E. Killibrew, 53, whose body was found in trash bag Feb. 17  in the 6000 block of N. 63rd St. More  Search homicides  in the city of Milwaukee by location, age, race, gender and date.