1 1 Weather on QuincyJournal.com is provided by the National Weather Service, is in the public domain, and is not covered by copyright protection. The Quincy Journal and its advertisers are not endorsed by or affiliated with the National Weather Service.  5 months, 4 weeks ago Jim Dewey Gary J. Wiltermood III and Michael Studer, both of Hannibal, face first-degree murder charges  Lottery tickets and Cigarettes were apparently all that were taken by two men who are charged with murder in the shooting death of 61 year old Adrienne F. Arnett while she was working the overnight shift at a Hannibal convenience store early Tuesday morning. Marion County 911 dispatched Hannibal Police officers to the scene at 3:04 am Tuesday after a customer found the scene at the Abel's Quik Shop at 100 Shinn Lane. Hannibal Police officers arrested Gary James Wiltermood III, 22, shortly after being called to the scene. By two in the afternoon - 30 year old Michael Alan Studer - who Hannibal Police Chief Lyndell Davis said was the shooter - was also in custody. Davis said police used surveillance video from the scene to aid in finding the suspects. He said Studer was dressed in camouflage and had his face partially covered during the robbery.   Both Wiltermood and Studer are charged with Felony Murder in the second degree and are being held in the Marion County Jail under 500 thousand dollars cash-only bond.   During a Wednesday Morning press conference, Chief Davis said this was an isolated incident. "I don't think that contrary to, maybe what some in the media are trying to portray, that there's an onslaught of violent crime in the last 15 years in the community," He Said. That's really not the case, Davis said, " I think this was an isolated incident. It was probably poorly thought out and executed and ultimately led to the death of one of our citizens." In fact, Davis noted this was the first incident in 3 and a half years that led to the filing of murder charges in Hannibal.   Davis told reporters that the police were familiar with both Wiltermood and Studer before the murder of Arnett.    According to the Missouri Case Net website, Studer is on probation after pleading guilty earlier this year to Assault and Property Damage charges. Davis said Wiltermood had a record in Illinois.   Davis noted too that his officers were familiar with the victim. He called Adrienne Arnett "a very sweet lady," who didn't deserve what she got.    Arraignment for both Studer and Wiltermood is set for 8:30 Friday Morning in the Marion County Courthouse in Hannibal.     PREVIOUS STORY Lt. John Zerbonia of the Hannibal Police Department has identified the victim of this morning's Abel Quik Shop shooting as Adrienne F. Arnett, 61, of Hannibal. Zerbonia said detectives have made a series of arrests related to the killing. There will be a news conference Wednesday morning at HPD with more information.  PREVIOUS STORY Hannibal police are investigating a robbery/homicide that took place early this morning at the Abel's Quik Shop on Shinn Lane just east of Hannibal Regional Hospital off U.S. 36.  Details have not yet been released.  