1 Metro police have stepped up patrols in one west Nashville neighborhood after someone tried to light a truck on fire Monday evening. The truck allegedly belongs to a man suspected in fatal gunfire at the home over the weekend. Authorities were called to a home on 49th Avenue North just after 7 p.m., where the truck parked in a driveway was covered in gasoline. A Metro Police captain told Channel 4 News someone tried to throw a flaming rag into the bed, but the fabric didn't ignite. Investigators say the truck belongs to David Duncan, who remains in jail on suspicion of shooting Travis Len Massey during a family dispute Sunday.  Family dispute results in fatal shooting A lingering dispute Sunday between two families resulted in one person dead and another recovering in a hospital. The incident involved a West Nashville man, his live-in girlfriend and the girlfriend's family and resulted in fatal gunfire at the man's 49th Avenue North home. Police said David Duncan, 45, and his girlfriend, Christina Sanders, 38, have been involved in a recent dispute with Sanders' family. On Sunday just after 5:30 p.m., Sanders' mother and two brothers came to the home for the apparent purpose of a confrontation. Sanders is believed to have unsuccessfully tried to calm tensions with her family after they arrived. Police said Duncan retrieved a 12-gauge shotgun and fired more than once. Sanders' brother, Travis Len Massey, 23, of New York Avenue, was fatally hit and died at the scene. Sanders' mother, Vicki Brown, 55, also of New York Avenue, was critically wounded and has been admitted to Vanderbilt University Medical Center. Duncan is in police custody and facing a charge of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon.  He's being held on $50,000 bond. Detectives are working to determine the sequence of events involving the gunfire. Sanders told Channel 4 that she had been fighting with her brother and mother for more than a week.  Sanders said the argument stemmed from her brother believing she'd stolen a gun, but she said someone else took it. "I know they cost him his life, and they destroyed mine," said Sanders. "My brother is like my own kid. I helped raise him." She said now with her brother gone and boyfriend in jail, she's praying her mother survives. Duncan, who is claiming self defense, could face additional charges in the case. Copyright WSMV 2013 (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.