1 SMITHFIELD – Shaunita Lyde had planned to share big news with her fiancé Wednesday night. But she never got to tell 36-year-old Travis Newby, who was shot and killed outside his apartment in Smithfield's Jersey Park on Wednesday, that he going to be a father. "I put off taking that pregnancy test on Tuesday … and now he's gone," said Lyde, breaking into tears in her Jersey Park apartment Thursday morning. "At the time, I thought what's the difference between doing it today and tomorrow. Now I know." Family members say Newby is survived by three older children: DeDe, 16, Deja, 14 and Aubrey, 13. They were not at their father's house when the shooting occurred. Police were called to Jersey Park, in the 700 block of Wrenn Road around 7 p.m. Wednesday to investigate reports of gunshots fired, said Lt. Patrick Valdez. Police found Newby on the ground outside his apartment, with a gunshot wound in the groin, he said. Newby died at Riverside Regional Medical Center shortly after 8 p.m., Valdez said. He is Smithfield's first homicide victim in 2012. Police are searching for a black man with short dreadlocks that witnesses saw fleeing on foot after the shooting, Valdez said. He is described as slim, between 5'7" and 5'9" tall and wearing a black jacket and armed with a handgun. Nurse Jennifer Cooper, who is married to Newby's cousin and lives in the apartment next door, rushed to Newby's side when heard shots and saw him on the ground. When medics arrived, Newby was responsive, talking and squeezing her hand, she said. "I didn't expect to receive a phone call that he didn't make it," she said, shedding tears outside the makeshift memorial on the concrete steps of his apartment. Balloons, a stuffed unicorn, flowers and more than a dozen candles adorned the porch by noon Thursday. Cooper and other relatives huddled outside the apartment describe Newby – or Chubs, as family members called him – as a kind-hearted man who loved his family. When he forgot to pick up candy at Halloween, he handed out $1 bills to trick-or-treaters, Cooper said. He spent Wednesday with Lyde at Carrollton Elementary, watching her son's performance in the school play, The Grinch, and they were planning to decorate the Christmas tree that night. The next few days are going to be tough for their close-knit family, said Newby's cousin, Scharnelle Hamlin of Surry. Hamlin's birthday is New Year's Eve and Newby would have turned 37 on New Year's Day. For the last 18 years, Hamlin said she has always called Newby at 11:58 p.m. on New Year's Eve to mark their birthdays and the holiday. "I don't know what I'll do this year when the ball is dropping," she said. Family and friends say they don't know what might have motivated Newby's murder. Valdez says police believe it may be related to drugs, an allegation that family members say they don't believe. "I can't imagine why anyone would do something like this to him," Lyde said. "I want to know that someone is paying for this crime." If her baby is a boy, Lyde said "he will definitely be a junior." Anyone with information is asked to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP.