1 1 Four men were killed in separate South Side attacks Monday, two of them within blocks of each other about nine hours apart, authorities said. In the most recent killing, police responded about 8:50 p.m. to a call of a person shot in an alley adjacent to the 1800 block of West Garfield Boulevard in the Englewood neighborhood, police said. Police found a 23-year-old man shot multiple times in the back, Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said. He was taken in critical condition to Holy Cross Hospital and pronounced dead at 8:56 p.m., according to police and the Cook County medical examiner's office. He was identified as Lterrick Benion, and he lived at the same address where he was shot, according to the medical examiner's office. The shooting happened steps from the home of a 28-year-old man gunned down earlier Monday, two blocks to the west. Cauirece Graham, who lived in the 1800 block of Garfield close to the scene of the shooting, was shot about 11:55 a.m. in a restaurant in the 2000 block of Garfield, according to police and the medical examiner's office. A man or boy had followed him into the restaurant, News Affairs Officer Veejay Zala said. The person shot Graham multiple times in the chest and lower extremities, then fled the area on a bike, according to police. Graham was declared dead at 12:40 p.m. at John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County. He was on parole in a 2012 unlawful use of a weapon case, in which he was arrested following an incident in the 300 block of East 136th Street on June 12, 2012, according to court and police records. He was released from prison on Dec. 4 and had been scheduled to complete his parole in December of this year. Police did not immediately say if the later homicide on Garfield had any relation to Graham's killing. The shooting happened at about 9 a.m at 79th Street and Oglesby Avenue, according to police. The man sustained a gunshot wound to his head and neck and was taken to South Shore Hospital in serious condition, according to Chicago Fire Department officials. The man was later pronounced dead, according to  News Affairs Officer Michael Sullivan. Officials are investigating the shooting as an apparent homicide, Sullivan said. Pierce, of the 7800 block of South Oglesby, was declared dead at 9:19 a.m. at South Shore Hospital, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office, which said he was shot a few doors south of where he lived. Dovone Jackson,  23, of the 11600 block of South Eggleston Avenue, was pronounced dead at 6:12 a.m.  Tuesday at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, according to a spokesman for the Cook County medical examiner’s office. He was shot Monday in the 11700 block of South Normal Avenue. He was shot in the chest at about 9:15 p.m. and later died, officials said. At least five other people were shot in the city since Monday afternoon, according to authorities. They included: • A 22-year-old man walking down the sidewalk was hurt in a drive-by shooting about 6:05 a.m. in the 5900 block of South Emerald Avenue in Englewood. A small green truck drove by and at least one person inside fired shots, striking the man in the ear and the back, police said. He was taken to Stroger hospital, where he was listed in good condition. • A 23-year-old man shot about 1:50 a.m. in the 6300 block of South Rhodes Avenue in the West Woodlawn neighborhood on the South Side. The man was shot in the arm and listed in good condition at University of Chicago Medical Center. • A 4-year-old girl and a 31-year-old man shot at 4:56 p.m. in near the intersection of West 71st and South Rockwell streets in the Marquette Park neighborhood on the Southwest Side. • A 19-year-old man shot in the arm about 9:45 p.m. while walking down the 500 block of East 47th Street in the Bronzeville neigfhborhood on the South Side. The man walked into University of Chicago Medical Center, where he was listed in good condion. Chicagobreaking@tribune.com | Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking