1 1 Whoever shot Daquan Crump early Monday at a construction site in Northeast Philadelphia made sure the 19-year-old Wendy's employee was dead. Crump, who worked until late Saturday, was found dead about 7:20 a.m. with nearly a dozen gunshot wounds to his face, said Homicide Capt. James Clark. The slaying appeared "very personal" because of the repeated shots to the victim's face, Clark said. Police did not say what kind of gun was used or how many shooters were involved. A police source said Crump's knees were muddy, which may indicate that he was kneeling when the shooter opened up on him about 5:30 a.m. on the 10000 block of Northeast Avenue near Red Lion Road in Bustleton. The teen had no arrest record, Clark said. He worked at a Wendy's near the construction site and clocked out at 11 p.m. Saturday, Clark said. Detectives were trying to figure out what happened to him from the time he left work until a worker found his body at the construction site more than a day later. A backpack with his Wendy's uniform inside was found at the construction site, Clark said. Crump lived with his mother and grandmother but sometimes slept elsewhere and was not reported missing, Clark said. It was typical for Crump to spend nights with girlfriends, Clark added. A friend who asked not to be identified said Crump had attended George Washington High School, which is near the crime scene. "He had a lot of dreams of being an entrepreneur" in the field of clothing and sneakers, the friend said. On Twitter, Crump's posts would alternate between gangsta-rap posturing and religious devotion. He frequently mentioned going to work but sometimes mentioned marijuana use. "Do not think you can't be touched," he wrote on July 5. "I wake and thank god for his blessings yall keep ya faith in money I keep mine in god," he had written three days earlier. In January, he retweeted a friend's post that "my pop told me yesterday "trust me son u dont wanna live this street life this fast money aint worth ya future." Crump's Twitter account was @DaquanCrump, but he identified himself as "Gmodcrump." "GMOD" stands for "get money or die," a friend said. Last August, Crump tweeted: "GetMoneyOrDie should be your lifestyle but don't let me tell you how to live. #GMOD" Anyone with information on the slaying is asked to call the Homicide Unit at 215-686-3334.  Contact Sulaiman Abdur-Rahman at sabdur-rahman@phillynews.com, or follow on Twitter @sabdurr.  Inquirer staff writer Mike Newall contributed to this article.