1 Authorities say it is now apparent that a 31-year-old man who arrived home for the holidays Wednesday shot and killed his 61-year-old mother in her Ashborough East home before taking his own life inside his vehicle in a restaurant parking lot. According to Dorchester County Coroner Chris Nisbet, deputies found the body of Bertrand Pages around 9 a.m. in the parking lot of a restaurant at 9890 Dorchester Road, one mile from his mother Lynda's home, located at 151 Brandywine Drive. Nisbet said it appears Bertrand Pages died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Lynda Pages' death was reported by her other son, who had also arrived home for the holidays, the night before, on Thursday just before 8:30 p.m. When deputies arrived, Lynda Pages' son told them he had just walked in to find his mother slumped over on the couch in her living room, with blood on the floor at her feet. The report states deputies found a spent shell casing on the floor of the living room, but no weapon was recovered.  Nisbet said Lynda Pages died from a gunshot wound to the eye. The man said he had come to the home because he and Bertrand were planning on spending Christmas with their mother. He said he last spoke to his mother on the phone at about 9 p.m. Wednesday, when she told him Bertrand had just arrived. He also told investigators he worried Bertrand had shot her, because he knew of problems he was having with her, Nisbet said. Deputies then spoke with the victim's next door neighbors. A man living at the home said he saw a dark SUV parked in the woman's driveway when he got home Wednesday.  He also said he heard a loud boom around 10 p.m., and woke up the next morning to find her home's rear garage door open. The man said returned home later that evening at 6 p.m. and the door was still open, so he closed it.  The man's wife told deputies she also heard a large boom outside the home around 10 p.m. Wednesday. Copyright 2012 WCSC.  All rights reserved.   			1111 Bull St.  			Columbia, SC 29201  			(803) 799-1010countonwis@wistv.com  		   			FCC Public Filepublicfile@wistv.com  			803-799-1010EEO ReportClosed Captioning  		