1 1 April 7, 2014 Three charged with the murder of Charlie Davis. (WRDW-TV) News 12 at 6 o' clock/ November 25, 2013 AUGUSTA, Ga.--Three men are now behind bars charged with the murder of Charlie Davis Jr.  The shooting happened back in August on 3rd Avenue in the Dogwood Terrace apartments. Davis ran to a home on 2nd avenue, and later died at MCG.  But, investigators are now saying information from a kidnapping in Oconee County helped lead to these arrests. Richmond County Sheriff's Deputies helped Oconee County out with a kidnapping case. But, they found out, one of the suspects in that case, Curtis Bonman, was also connected to the Davis murder in Augusta. Interviews from the kidnapping case led them to two more suspects, Killeon Cooper and Thaddaeus Williams, as well.   Memories of blue lights on that August night came flashing back to Aleshia Davis when she heard the news. Investigators called her family to let them know three suspects had been captured in connection with her brother's murder.   "We were excited. Finally, there's justice, but it then makes you relive it all over again. It almost felt like the first day," Davis' sister recalled. Jessica Norman lives in Dogwood Terrace, and she remembers that summer night very well, too. "I heard gunshots, and I looked out the window and saw lights." The next morning, she found out that it was her ex-boyfriend, Charley Davis, who had been shot and killed. She says she hasn't felt safe living there since.  "I was in disbelief.  I just couldn't believe it," she says. Now that three suspects are all behind bars, charged with murder and possession of a firearm in connection to Davis's death, family and friends say, it brings them all one step closer to closure.   Davis says, "To know that someone will pay, there's not a greater feeling." But this Thanksgiving will be hard. Instead of laughter, they expect to have memories of a crime scene when they see his empty chair at the table.  "I've never missed a Thanksgiving, Christmas, without him, and it's not going to seem right this Thanksgiving that Charlie isn't there to say, 'Where's the leftovers?'...He was everything to us, and you just can't imagine the pain our family is going through," Davis says.Sunday, Nov. 23, 2013 AUGUSTA, Ga. (WRDW) -- Three are charged with murder in connection to the death of 31-year-old Charlie Davis, the Richmond County Sheriff's Office confirms.  Killeon Cooper, Thaddaeus Williams and Curtis Bonman are charged with murder and possession of a firearm or knife during the commission of a crime. Bonman and Williams are also charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon, according to the Sheriff's Office. Davis was shot and later died at GRU on August 27. It was the fifth shooting of the year in the Dogwood Terrace neighborhood at that time. Click here to see the original story.  Have information or an opinion about this story? Click here to contact the newsroom. Copyright WRDW-TV News 12. All rights reserved. This material may not be republished without express written permission.