1 1 Today's Paper, also known as the e-Edition, is an online replica of the  printed newspaper. You can view today's paper or previous issues.  Quad/Graphics Inc., the biggest printer of magazines and catalogs in North America, continued its five-year acquisition drive by buying a Midwest rival in Minnesota. More than 100 family and friends lit candles and prayed for peace Saturday night in front of a shrine of teddy bears and flowers at a house in the 2900 block of N. 12th St. where 14-year-old Japhet Moore was shot and killed late Friday. Moore had just graduated from eighth grade, liked to dance and was always joking and horsing around, said his brother Xavier Turner, 16. His sister, Danielle Sprewer, 21, described him as "smart with good grades...a great person who made everybody laugh." Moore is the third 14-year-old shot in the past week, Police Chief Ed Flynn said Saturday at a roll call at the COA Goldin Center at N. 24th and W. Burleigh Sts. to call attention to the violence in the city in recent days. Eight people were shot in five incidents over 24 hours, he said. Over the past seven days, 12 people were shot in the city. Flynn said police have several "persons of interest" in connection with the shooting of Moore. Police said two others — a 15-year-old boy and a 22-year-old woman — were seriously injured in the 12th St. shootings but are expected to survive and a 17-year-old boy suffered a minor gunshot wound. Investigators are working on leads to identify the suspect. On N. 12th St., one woman said she saw a crowd late Friday beating up two people, who ran into a house and then returned shooting. "I couldn't say how many shots," Ashley Johnson said. "It sounded like a machine gun." Johnson, who said she's had nurse's training, went to try to help Moore. She said he was bleeding but conscious until he tried to get up, then fell unconscious. "The crazy thing about it is, it's not over," Johnson said, looking down N. 12th street near Locust St. Saturday. "There were people still trying to fight with other people even after the cops were there." "Why do people have to shoot people?" she said. David Robinson, a homeowner on the block, said: "I heard a lot of chaos and confusion. Nothing new." He said he's learned never to go out after hearing gunfire. At the vigil Saturday evening, the crowd stood silently, holding lighted candles until one woman shouted through tears: "This should never have happened. He didn't deserve this. His life was too short." "It's got to stop right here," she said. "We've got to stick together." Another woman prayed for those who were hospitalized in the shooting and for all those present. And she prayed that those responsible are caught and jailed so that more tragic days are avoided. Milwaukee police are also investigating several other shootings: ■A 21-year-old man was shot about 8 p.m. Friday while walking near S. 35th St. and W. Greenfield Ave. and has non-life threatening injuries. ■A 23-year-old man was shot in an alley in the 4700 block of W. Burleigh St. about 1:20 a.m. Saturday. His injuries are not life-threatening. ■A 29-year-old man was shot while seated in his vehicle during a robbery attempt at 2:35 a.m. in the 5400 block of W. Hampton Ave. He suffered a serious injury but is expected to survive. ■A 45-year-old man was shot during a fight in which several shots were fired in the 2900 block of N. 57th St. about 3:55 a.m. In other recent incidents, a 14-year-old girl was shot when she was walking with a group of friends in the 2900 block of N. 25th St. about 10:10 p.m. Thursday. Her injuries are not life-threatening, police said. On July 19, a 14-year-old boy was wounded, along with a 34-year-old man, during a shooting that occurred in the 2300 block of N. 1st St. The injuries were not life-threatening, police said. At the District 5 roll call on the playground of the Goldin Center, Flynn and Mayor Tom Barrett said police will be active and visible in neighborhoods where violence has flared up. Flynn said there are too many guns, drugs and gangs in many areas of the city. Asked if there were any special circumstances that led to the rash of violence, Flynn said: "Sadly, violence, and firearms are not predicable." Barrett said his youngest child is 14 and he asked parents to make sure that their children are not out after the 10 p.m. curfew. "And tell them that if they see a gun, to get out of wherever they are," he said. © 2014, Journal Sentinel Inc. All rights reserved. The latest local news delivered to your inbox Monday-Friday around noon – or whenever there’s big breaking news.    	  	Enter your e-mail address above and click "Sign Up Now!" to begin receiving your e-mail newsletter  	Get the Newsletter!      Milwaukee Crime & Safety: Use our frequently updated interactive map and page to explore recent 911 calls and incident reports, read recent crime news, follow crime and safety tweets and more. Journal Sentinel reporters take a closer look at murder in the city. View All Blog Posts More  Search homicides  in the city of Milwaukee by location, age, race, gender and date.