1 1 April 7, 2014 Stay up-to-date with KAKE News: Stay up-to-date with KAKE News: Monday, September 9, 2013 The son of a Kansas sheriff has been arrested for murder, accused in a fatal shooting. According to the Lincoln County Attorney's Office, 33-year-old Scott M. Weigel was arrested Monday for second degree murder.  Weigel is being held on a $750,000 bond.  He's the son of Lincoln County Sheriff Mike Weigel. The shooting happened near the intersection of 4th and School Street in the town of Lincoln at about 2 a.m. Monday morning.  The Kansas Bureau of Investigation is handling the case.  "For something like this to happen, it's been years," said Chris Hoffman, who lives on East School Street.  "I have never heard of a murder here." The victim has been identified as 21-year-old Keith Ancell of Sylvan Grove.  An autopsy will be conducted Tuesday but the coroner, Dr. Roger Warren, says it appears that Ancell died from a gunshot wound to the center of his chest just below his neck. One of Ancell's friends, Shane Sonnier, brought a hand-made wooden cross to the scene Monday.  He used a power screwdriver to attach a picture of Ancell.  He says he and Ancell have known each other since the third grade.   Neighbors added to candles and flowers to the memorial.  Many of those neighbors say they saw a car pull onto the street early Monday morning.  They say the car was full of people.   Not long later, Chris Hoffman says he heard a gun shot.  He and his brother-in-law rushed to his front door to see what happened. "When I looked over, the guy fell over and landed on the ground," Hoffman said.  "Two people go out of the car and one knelt down by him." Hoffman, who turned 31 Monday, says in the next few hours the normally quiet street turned into a bustling crime scene. "The whole street was taped off, the ambulance moved up, and I saw a body laying on the side of the road by a black hummer," neighbor Tiffany Schaan said.  "That's what I woke up to this morning." Schaan says she walked her son to school down a back alley so that he wouldn't see what had happened. "I just had to protect my innocent child from seeing a dead body and the crime scene tape in the front yard," Schaan said.  "We just don't want to tell our kids what happened.  Someone got murdered right outside our house.  That just doesn't happen here." Neighbors say both Ancell and Weigel are relatively well-known throughout town.   They say the crime has especially shaken up the East School Street neighborhood. "Somebody lost their life, somebody lost a friend, somebody lost a co-worker and the kids around here have to deal with someone getting murdered in their front yard," Schaan said.  "I just really hope justice is served for the family."