1 1 Cleoria Campodonico went to the Ross Township Municipal Building on Wednesday morning with a bouquet of flowers. With tears in her eyes, she laid them alongside the others in an impromptu memorial outside the building where a gunman opened fire on a public meeting Monday night. In the hail of bullets from a semi-automatic rifle unleashed by a man police say was angered over the township's seizure of his property, three men died. Campodonico, who was at the meeting, said a man she didn't know pushed her down and saved her life by sacrificing his. "Dave Fleetwood pushed me out of the way and took the shots," Campodonico said. "How can I repay his family for that? Dave Fleetwood is a hero. I came home to my family and he didn't.' David Fleetwood, 62, was the township's zoning officer and an elected supervisor in a neighboring township. He died at a hospital about an hour after the shooting. James V. LaGuardia, 64, and Gerard Kozic, 53, both of Saylorsburg, died at the scene. Campodonico, crying as she recounted the horrible night, said she never expected to leave the building alive. "I thought there was more than one person, it was just shot after shot after shot," she said, describing the attack. Police say Rockne Newell, 59, who had a long-standing dispute with the township over zoning issues and eventually had his property condemned, committed the attack. Charged with three counts of criminal homicide plus attempted homicide and aggravated assault, he told police he intended to shoot the township solicitor and supervisors. Campodonico made three calls from the meeting Monday night — to 911, her husband and her daughter. "I called 911, they heard the shots, they said, 'Ma'am, find a place to hide,' " Campodonico said. "There was no place to hide." Dave LaBar, a member of the township Planning Commission who lives across the street, said the solicitor came running to his house after the shots erupted and told him to get his gun and come to the municipal building. LaBar said he saw Campodonico coming out of it, and she cowered, thinking he was the shooter. LaBar reassured her and went inside, where he saw bodies. He said several men had the alleged shooter pinned down. LaBar, a Navy veteran of the Vietnam War, tried to give CPR to one of the victims. He's still trying to shake the awful night by keeping busy. "I don't sleep too well," he said. As she approached the municipal building Wednesday, Campodonico and LaBar recognized one another. She embraced him and wept. Campodonico, who left Hazleton and moved to the township for its peaceful atmosphere, said she went to the meeting Monday to see if a recent protest against a Turkish cleric who lives near her would be discussed. On Wednesday, the office of the township building was closed and the yellow police tape from the day before was gone. She put her bouquet with the others. Still crying, Campodonico said, "I'll never step inside that building again, ever." Outside LaGuardia's home on nearby Mount Eaton Road, his son, Joseph, a Baptist minister who lives outside Atlanta, said his father was generous and a "people person" who "never met a stranger." "Him being at the town hall was not out of character," LaGuardia said, adding that his father was concerned with community affairs and frequently attended meetings. "He was community-minded, very outgoing. We have a very large family and he was the glue of the family." The elder LaGuardia, 64, was semi-retired but operated a TV repair shop, his son said. He was active in his Mennonite church, where he played the drums. The LaGuardias moved to Ross Township from Staten Island in 2001 because it was cheaper and LaGuardia's wife wanted to live in the country. LaGuardia was friendly with victim Gerard Kozic, 53, who lived a short way up the road. Kozic was also a musician, a pianist who played at Mount Airy Lodge and other venues across the region. "All I can say is he was a good neighbor," said Virginia Ingle, who lives across the street from Kozic's home and occasionally visited to chat with him and his wife, Linda, who remains hospitalized with a leg injury suffered in the shooting. Ingle said the Kozics arrived about five years ago, moving into the house that used to belong to Gerard Kozic's mother. Ross Township Supervisor Russell "Butch" Kresge, at his home on Flyte Road, said a lawyer had advised township officials not to discuss the shooting. Newell's former property, the focus of the alleged shooter's dispute with the township, stands a short distance away. It is a collection of dilapidated buildings, a rotting camper and heaps of rubbish — beer cans, briefcases, tool boxes, toilets, propane tanks — with planks laid end to end to provide a path through high weeds from the road to the front door of the house. Newell's prior criminal record shows that he clashed with authority long before his zoning dispute with township officials started.