1 1  Polk County deputies shot and killed a man who brandished a weapon at them Friday evening in Lakeland, the Polk County Sheriff’s Office said.  According to a sheriff’s office report, this is what happened:  Around 2:20 p.m. Friday, the sheriff’s office received a call from Paul Manganello, who said his wife, Jocelyn, had called him and told him that her brother, Sheldon C. Norman, 21, was going to kill himself.  Meanwhile, Jocelyn Manganello, who had gone looking for her brother, located him in Lakeland and asked him to get into her car, a gray Hyundai. After he got into her car, she contacted deputies and told them that he had guns on him.  A BOLO (Be On Look Out) report was broadcast for the vehicle. Around 5:15 p.m., deputies spotted the car headed eastbound on Memorial Boulevard approaching Ingraham Avenue. Three patrol units conducted a traffic stop on the car.  Jocelyn Manganello, who was driving, stopped, put the car into park, and fled the vehicle on foot.  The deputies got out of their patrol vehicles, approached the car, and saw that Norman was brandishing a firearm. When he refused to lower the gun, the deputies opened fire.    Norman was declared dead at the scene, deputies said.  The deputies involved in the incident, who as per department protocol have been placed on paid administrative leave, are:   * Sgt. Tommy Dixon, 43, who has been with the sheriff’s office for 23 years.  * Deputy Aaron Motta, 37, who has been with the sheriff’s office for four years and prior to that was with the Mulberry police department for four years and the Florida Department of Corrections for 6.5 years.  * Deputy Matthew Cromartie, 28, who has been with sheriff’s office for seven years and prior to that was with the Bartow Police Department for two years.  The incident will be investigated by the sheriff’s office and the State Attorney’s Office.  The sheriff’s office said Norman had a lengthy criminal record dating back to 2005, including arrests for grand theft, drugs and probation violation.