1 1 Deontra Phillips, a 36-year-old black man, was shot and killed Sunday, Sept. 22, in the 600 block of West 111th Street in Vermont Vista, according to the Los Angeles County Coroner’s office. About 10:15, Phillips was sitting in a parked dark-colored sedan when a person shot him, said Los Angeles police Det. Supervisor Rick Gordon. Gordon said it is unknown whether the shooter was on foot or in another vehicle. Phillips was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead at 10:51 p.m., said Ed Winter, a coroner’s spokesman. Police are unsure if the incident is gang-related, and no arrests have been made.  Anyone with information can call the Criminal Gang Homicide Division at (213) 485-4341.  Those who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at (800) 222-8477. -- Nicole Santa Cruz and Angel Jennings Deontrae my friend,  my heart is so saddened. I cant' stop dropping tears for you. Although we have had conversations about you leaving like this, when it acutally happens it hurts. I know that you are in a better place, it was just cowardley the way it was done. But like you always said I don't even trust my homies..hmmmmmm Well I know your with God now, and may you rest in peace love. LOVE YOU ALWAYS!!!  I know they really messed up hé was à good Guy and à good daddy and Friend and à good son... I love You deontra and You Will Always Have À Place In My Heart R.i.p.  when I met Deontra we were young. Just barely teenagers. What I remember most about him was his smile because he always had a big bright smile on his face. I send my condolences to his family. I pray that God gives them strength to get through this time of grievance and devastation. Even though Deontra was apart of my past for only a little time. He will remain in my heart for a lifetime. Gone but never forgotten ♥♥♥♥ Dam i miss u SO much deontra and really hard for me your like My son and i just want You rest  and know that god took You to heaven  rip My friend, I think about you daily. I miss you soooo much love. I am going to miss all of your pop up visits to orange county, checking on me. We go back so many years.. I know your in heaven love kiss Dawn and Nicole for me. Love you Always..   Brother I Miss You Like Theres No Tomorrow . You Forever Have A Place In My Heart And I Just Want You To Know That . We've Always Had Our Laughs And Everything And I Knew That If I Needed Something You Would Be There 100%. I Just Want You Back HERE . I LOVE YOU !!!  Happy Holidays Deontrae! I love you and miss you dearly.. R.I.P. Love  				If you enter anything in this field your comment will be treated as spam: 