1   A Thornton woman is being held at the Boulder County Jail on $250,000 bond on suspicion of criminally negligent homicide and tampering with physical evidence after police say she was with a man who was later found in his Boulder mobile home dead from a gunshot wound.  At 10 a.m. Thursday, Boulder County sheriff's deputies responded to the San Lazaro mobile home park at 55th Street and Valmont Road on a report of a male who was unresponsive, according to officials.  Deputies found a 37-year-old man in his mobile home with a gunshot wound to his chest. He was pronounced dead at the scene.  Investigators determined that Carla Maria Bencomo, 34, a female friend of the victim, had been with him at the time of the shooting. She was contacted in Denver and arrested.  Bencomo made her first appearance in court Friday. Prosecutors asked that her bond be set at $250,000 because they allege that after the victim was shot, Bencomo wiped down the gun in an attempt to remove fingerprints and was attempting to flee to Mexico before being arrested.  Boulder County prosecutor Ryan Brackley said Bencomo was convinced by family members to turn herself in to police and did so at a police station in Denver.  Bencomo's case has an Immigration and Customs Enforcement hold on it, meaning that she may eventually end up in the custody of immigration officials.  Because the investigation is ongoing, officials are not releasing any more information about the case or a booking photo, according to Cmdr. Rick Brough of the Boulder County Sheriff's Office.  The identity of the victim will be released once family members have been notified, officials said.  The Boulder County Coroner's Office is conducting an autopsy to determine the official cause and manner of death.  The victim's mobile home is located on Sparrow Lane inside the San Lazaro park. A visibly upset man who declined to give his name sat in front of the mobile home Friday evening alongside a bouquet of flowers and a lit candle.  A neighbor of the victim said she heard the sound of a car peeling out and speeding down the street between 1 and 2 a.m. Thursday, information she shared with investigators. She was not acquainted with the victim, she said.  Bencomo will next appear in court at 2 p.m. Tuesday for the filing of charges. It is not clear exactly what charges she will face.  "We're working with the Boulder County Sheriff's Office to review the evidence and make the appropriate charging decisions," Brackley said.  Criminally negligent homicide is a Class 5 felony carrying a presumptive sentencing range of one to three years in prison. It is the least serious homicide charge a person can face under the Colorado Revised Statutes, behind first-degree murder, second-degree murder and manslaughter.  It is defined, in part, as "a failure to perceive, through a gross deviation from the standard of reasonable care, a substantial and unjustifiable risk that death will result from certain conduct."  Contact Camera Staff Writer Joe Rubino at 303-473-1328 or rubinoj@dailycamera.com. Article ID: document.write(article_id)