1 March 15, 2014 UPDATE 12/24/12 @ 2 p.m.HUNTINGTON, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- We are learning more about a deadly shooting involving a police officer in Huntington. Huntington Police Chief Skip Holbrook tells WSAZ.com that Officer Steve Fitz shot and killed Joshua Emerson on Saturday morning in Huntington. The shooting happened about 1 a.m. when Officer Fitz responded to a crash between a tractor-trailer and a small vehicle. Chief Holbrook says Emerson was involved in the crash near Special Metals and he allegedly tried to attack a security guard with a knife. That's when Officer Fitz shot and killed Emerson. Chief Holbrook tells WSAZ.com that Officer Fitz fired four shots -- all of which hit Emerson during the incident. An internal investigation is underway. It's expected to be finished by the end of the week. Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  Huntington Police Chief Skip Holbrook says truck driver Joshua Johnnie Emerson, 32, of Hamilton, Alabama was shot after he tried to attack a security guard with a knife. Police say it all happened about 1 a.m. when an officer responded to a crash between a tractor trailer and a small vehicle near Special Metals in Huntington. When the officer arrived at the scene, he saw Emerson pulled out a knife and try an attack a Special Metals security guard. Police say the officer then shot Emerson. He later died from his injuries. The incident is still under investigation. Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  Huntington Police Chief Skip Holbrook says about 1 a.m. an officer responded to a crash between a tractor trailer and a small vehicle near Special Metals in Huntington. When approaching the scene, the officer saw a man acting aggressive toward a Special Metals security guard. When the officer tried to intervene, Holbrook says the man tried to attack the guard with a knife. That’s when the officer fired several shots at the armed suspect. He died from his injuries. HPD's Criminal Investigations Bureau is investigating the incident with help from the Cabell County Sheriff's Department. More information will be released after the preliminary investigation. Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information.  Dispatchers got the call about 1 a.m. Saturday that there had been a shooting on Riverside Drive near the bridge to Route 60. Dispatchers tell WSAZ.com there are two patients being treated at this time. Keep clicking on WSAZ.com for the latest information. Click here for online road conditions