1 1 Advertisement 46° Local weather National Weather Service One man was killed and another wounded in a shooting Friday at an apartment complex on Fort Wayne's near-northeast side, police said.   Shortly after 2 p.m., reports of shots fired sent officers to Baldwin Creek Apartments along Hobson Road, just south of East State Boulevard.   By a sidewalk next to Building F, police found one of the shooting victims on the ground, across the street from Heritage Park nursing home. Severely wounded, he was taken to a hospital where he died soon after arriving, police said.   A second man showed up at a hospital on his own, saying a stray bullet from the shooting had struck his leg. He was treated for a minor wound and released, police said.   Detectives were interviewing that victim late Friday, seeking to verify his version of what happened, said officer Jason Anthony, a city police spokesman. The shooting victims' identities were not released.   Police said their initial investigation revealed that the shooting occurred in the hallway or in an apartment of Building F. Near where officers found the victim who died, a window of a first-floor apartment was broken out. One of the victims may have gone through the window, Deputy Chief Paul Shrawder said.   In February, Building F was the scene of a shooting by a police officer that left a 21-year-old man dead after he robbed a nearby drugstore. In a stairwell of the building, the man pointed an assault rifle at two officers before he was killed, police said. The Allen County Prosecutor's Office later ruled that the officer who pulled the trigger was justified in using deadly force.   On Friday, police received reports that the shooter or shooters may have fled in a black Dodge Charger. In a nearby neighborhood, officers found the Charger, with no one inside, and investigators planned to scour it for evidence, police said.    As of late Friday, no motive had been determined, and no arrests had been made, Anthony said.    Officers did arrest a man at the apartment complex on an unrelated charge, and investigators hoped to interview him about the shooting, Shrawder said.   As a precaution, children who live in the area were not taken home from school immediately after the shooting. They were later escorted to their homes, according to a Fort Wayne Community Schools statement.   The shooting happened the same afternoon as the funeral for 22-year-old Jordan Calland, a recent homicide victim. He was shot Sept. 21 at Twin Oaks Apartments on East Paulding Road, near Hessen Cassel Road.   The Allen County Coroner's Office is expected to officially rule on whether Friday's shooting was a homicide. That case aside, the coroner's office has confirmed that Fort Wayne and Allen County so far this year have tallied 33 homicides, which is three more than last year and a 15-year high.   aingersoll@jg.net  Advertisement   		  		OAS_AD("x02");  		   		  		OAS_AD("x03");  		   		  		OAS_AD("Right");  		        		  