1 1 Two killed, three injuredin Hampton shootings Two people were killed and three were injured in two early morning shootings in Hampton, police said. Roderick Deon Rush, 37, of Chesapeake, was pronounced dead at the scene of a shooting in the 2200 block of West Pembroke Avenue. Three men were later reportedly admitted to hospitals after suffering injuries in the Pembroke Avenue shooting. Less than three hours later, officers responded about 3 a.m. to a shooting in the 1200 block of North King Street. The shooting victim, identified by police as Jaquan Marquise Brown, 21, of Hampton, was pronounced dead at the scene. • Linda Kopp Smith: I grew up in Hampton and always felt safe. Used to walk home from school. Never heard of shootings. • Marie Watkins Hamann: This is just so very, very heartbreaking. Oyster Point proposal inspires critics' outcry Opposition to an ambitious mixed-used development in Newport News' Oyster Point area is mounting ahead of a key City Council vote. W.M. Jordan Co. on Aug. 13 will ask the council to approve a zoning change that would allow for 285,000 square feet of retail space anchored by a Whole Foods grocery store and as many as 300 apartments. The project is meant to support a corporate research and development center run by Virginia Tech, which would collaborate with nearby Jefferson Laboratories. • Tina Carver-Finnie: Definitely don't need any apartments in that area, can't imagine what that would do to traffic. • Warnie Pritchett: Naturally, City Council will just see theoretical dollar signs and vote in favor, regardless of dissent. Compiled from the Daily Press Facebook pages. To be part of the discussion, visit pages such as facebook.com/dailypressnews. Note to readers We are converting to a new Customer Service phone system and website. As a result, our self-service phone system will be down from noon on Sunday, Aug. 4, until 6:00 am on Tuesday, Aug.6. Our self-service website will be down from noon on Sunday, Aug. 4, until 6:00 am on Tuesday, Aug. 13. If you plan any vacation stops between now and Aug. 6, please get them into our system before noon on Sunday, Aug. 4. As we convert to this new system, we will be unable to process any credit card payments from now through Tuesday, Aug. 6. These new systems will allow you to better manage your newspaper subscription account including payments and vacation stops 24 hours a day. Our Customer Service line is 757-247-4800 or 1-800-543-8908 outside the 757 area.