1 1 (skip this header) News Broadway-Hildebrand intersection to close again Top Stories in Local Entertainment Iconic Hollywood actor Mickey Rooney dies at 93 Top Stories in US & World U.S. & World US employers add 192K jobs; rate stays at 6.7 Top Stories in Business Sports Feldman does job, halts Astros' skid Top Stories in Sports Food Good Time Charlie's wins again Top Stories in Food Bars & Drinks Entertainment The 2014 Academy of Country Music Awards Top Stories in Entertainment Lifestyle Going to great heights for a change of scenery in Patagonia Top Stories in Lifestyle Opinion Candidates should talk about issues that matter Top Stories in Opinion  2014 Lexus LS 600hL — your rolling living room . Top Stories in Cars News Obama: Students need help to get  'in-demand jobs' Top Stories in Jobs Lifestyle Artists start new chapter in 1910 house Top Stories in Homes  Murder defendant Martin Barrera Balboa sits in the 227th state District Court Tuesday as his trial is delayed due to the shooting death last weekend of Julie Ann Rodriguez, described as a "critical" state witness. SAN ANTONIO – A mother of three children who was shot to death in the driveway of her West Side home Sunday morning as she headed to church was a possible witness in an upcoming murder trial. San Antonio police identified the woman Monday as Julie Ann Rodriguez, 44. Court documents state she was slated to testify against Martin Barrera Balboa, whose next court appearance is set for Tuesday. He was arrested in 2011 while in jail on a different charge when cold-case investigators linked him to a 2003 fatal shooting at a community center on the city's South Side. First Assistant District Attorney Cliff Herberg said jury selection in the trial of Balboa was scheduled to start Tuesday. He said prosecutors were working Monday to see if they could proceed with the trial as scheduled or need to ask for a delay. Rodriguez “was an important witness in that case,” Herberg said. Balboa is accused of killing Joseph Delgado, 27, on Nov. 6, 2003, on a basketball court at the Ramirez Community Center in the 1000 block of Gillette Boulevard. Delgado's wife, Elizabeth, had been watching her husband play basketball when a man wearing a ski mask walked up to her and shot her in the shoulder, according to a police report. Joseph Delgado ran to his wife's side and was shot four times. He was pronounced dead at the scene; his wife recovered from her injuries. Balboa was indicted in Delgado's death in 2010, according to court records. He was transferred to Bexar County in 2011 after serving five years at a Texas Department of Criminal Justice unit in Huntsville for his third arrest for driving while intoxicated. It was unclear Monday what kind of testimony Rodriguez would have provided against Balboa. Rodriguez was gunned down in front of her two sons, ages 16 and 14, just before 8:30 a.m. at her home in the 6400 block of Brownleaf Drive. The teens were seated in Rodriguez's white 2008 Toyota Tundra when the shooting began. One son was in the back passenger-side seat, and the other was in the front passenger seat, according to a police report. Rodriguez also has a daughter who attends college. According to reports, the gunman began shooting at Rodriguez from the edge of her driveway and continued to walk toward her until he was shooting from directly on top of her. Police said after the shooting, the man ran to a gray, four-door sedan, which had dark-tinted windows, a sunroof and possibly temporary license plates, and sped west on Brownleaf Drive. San Antonio police said no arrests had been made as of Monday afternoon. The shooter is described as a male between 20 and 30 years old, 5 feet 8 inches tall and about 160 pounds, according to a police report.   Staff Writer Craig Kapitan contributed to this report.     © Copyright document.write(new Date().getFullYear()); Hearst Newspapers, LLC