1 1 Top blog Stories Photos: Rockies fans on opening day By Isa Jones Captain America screening benefits Aurora victims By Melanie Asmar Frontier ripped in airline quality study By Michael Roberts Indicted MMJ owner strikes back By Michael Roberts Most expensive Boulder homes for sale By Michael Roberts Justice prevails after F-word worth 25K By Michael Roberts Six busts at police brutality protest By Michael Roberts Colorado Cannabis Time Capsule 1922 By William Breathes Teen immigrant released from detention By Melanie Asmar Schmucky Columbine obsession? By Westword Photo, map below.Years of television viewing has trained most of us to believe that being shot in the arm isn't serious. In fact, heroes hit there tend to shrug it off entirely, as they would a mosquito bite. Things don't always work that way in the real world, though. Case in point: A man shot in the arm over the weekend has now died. As a result, the case is now being investigated as a homicide. Details below. According to Technician Raquel Lopez, spokeswoman for the Denver Police Department, the first report of the incident came in at 10:39 a.m. Sunday, September 29. Officers were dispatched to 105 Knox Court, the location of a 7-Eleven store. The scene of the crime."It appears that a weapon was presented and a man shot the victim in the arm," Lopez says. Afterward, she continues, "somebody took the victim to the hospital -- an ambulance wasn't called. But things went bad for him, and he died yesterday." At this point, the Denver coroner's office hasn't released the man's name or cause of death, and Lopez says, "we don't have anyone in custody" for the crime. Lopez is unaware of surveillance footage that may have captured the incident or the person on the other side of the gun. As such, there's no suspect description, and while a witness did see a red vehicle in the vicinity, its make and model wasn't mentioned. But the investigation is continuing, and she notes that "homicide has taken over the case." Look below to see an interactive graphic of the area near the scene. If you have problems seeing the image, click "View Larger Map."  More from our Mile High Murder archive: "Forsythia Owen claims man she beat to death with bat was child molester (16)."  tv shows thought me how to fly.  I go to that 7-11 all the time and I did not even know about this.  my boyfriend in Atlanta got shot in the shoulder, it took mere  seconds for the bullet to travel into the vein into his heart..he was dead before they could get him out of the ambulance...  TV shows 'teach' us that a punch in the nose knocks anyone unconscious, other times that multiple gunshot are just flesh wounds.... cars explode on impact, 30 seconds of leaving your gas stove on will destroy an entire city block, and that smart bombs kill only their intended target.... the us government is trying to do the right thing, robocop is the good guy, and breast implants are sexy.  if TV shows "teach" you anything, especially about the realities of guns, YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG!  Whats up with this???  Denver Westwood, pushing the anti 7-11 agenda..   Is itme or are the Denver Police sounding more and more like the Keystone Kops?