1 1 @ericademarest CHICAGO — One man was killed and five others wounded in shootings since Tuesday afternoon, authorities said. Two men were shot — one fatally — about 1:30 a.m. Wednesday in Englewood, said Officer Ron Gaines, a police spokesman. A 28-year-old man was hit in his buttocks and treated at Stroger Hospital, while another man was fatally struck in his neck. Jason Scott, 32, of the 5600 block of South May Street, was pronounced dead on the scene in the 5800 block of South Sangamon Street at 1:50 a.m., according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office. Another man was killed early Wednesday when a 28-year-old was fatally stabbed during a domestic dispute in North Lawndale. Ricky Tolbert, of the 3300 block of West Douglas Boulevard, was pronounced dead at his home just before 1 a.m. Wednesday, according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's office.  In nonfatal shootings: • A 25-year-old man was hit in his leg about 2:11 a.m. Wednesday in Greater Grand Crossing, Gaines said. The man was treated at Saint Bernard Hospital after the shooting, which occurred in the 1200 block of East 69th Street. • A 19-year-old man is in critical condition at Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center after he was shot multiple times Tuesday night, Gaines said. The teen was struck in his arms, side and legs in the 4800 block of West Fletcher Street about 11:56 p.m. Police believe the Belmont Cragin shooting may have been gang-related. • In the nearby Hermosa neighborhood, a man was shot in his leg and ankle in the 4300 block of West Armitage Avenue about 3:15 p.m. Tuesday, police said. The man, whose age is unknown, was listed in serious condition at Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center. • About 2:20 p.m. Tuesday, a 26-year-old man was shot in his knee in Grand Boulevard, Gaines said. The man took himself to Mercy Hospital after the shooting, which occurred in the 4200 block of South Calumet Avenue. Related Items Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Get Our Daily Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Newsletter Terms of Use |Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement  Preservationists and neighborhood groups hope to save the storied building from development.  Banana shakes and cheese dogs are back as Janson's reopened Monday at 9900 S. Western Ave.  The new arcade bar is anticipating opening in the summer.  The shop's emphasis on creativity and imagination has lured customers for two decades.  Winter weight gain is expected every year, vets say, but this year it has been substantial.  The city is exploring plans for the route, which could include protected lanes and other features.  The preliminary report released Monday also confirmed the operator said she fell asleep at the helm.  Fixing the iconic tank will take between $150,000 and $200,000 — or more.  Mother McAuley graduate Tina Grunauer hopes to lead the all-boys Caravan back to water polo prominence.  The Greater Chatham Alliance has demanded the removal of the detector from the Grand Crossing branch.    Content on the story-mapping website and app has tripled since its launch a year ago, its founder says.  The museum is hosting a week of sublime and surreal machines for robotics week.  With warm weather approaching, dog owners are demanding barrier upgrades from the Chicago Park District.  Michael Flournoy, 16, was shot in his head Saturday. His family still doesn't know why.  Quentin Jackson, 30, of the 7000 block of South Emerald Avenue, was charged with attempted robbery.  The UConn Alumni Association Chicago Chapter has about 1,400 members in the city and suburbs. Copyright © 2009-2014, DNAinfo.com. All Rights Reserved.