1 1 WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) -- A Wilmington man is dead after police say he was murdered in his home last night.  Neighbors say the 51-year-old man moved into in the Village at Greenfield apartment complex within the past year and lived alone. "A resident was checking on a neighbor. When she went into to check on the neighbor, she found him deceased," WPD spokeswoman Linda Rawley said. Neighbors say Angelo Freeman recently suffered from a stroke, which is why friends were looking out for him. Police were called to his home at 1201 Lilac Court after his body was discovered around 6 a.m. Wednesday. Neighbors say they may have heard something going on in the home last night, but police say there are not signs of any kind of struggle. Police think the crime happened between 9:30 and 10 p.m. Tuesday. Investigators say freeman was shot twice: once in the leg and a fatal shot to the chest. Rawley says the department does patrol the area, but it has not seen much activity lately. "It's been a relatively quiet community," she said. "We do respond to a lot of drug activity in this area but not an intense amount lately." Freeman does have a criminal record that includes several drug-related convictions. The last time he was in trouble with the law was 2009.  Police say they do not know if this shooting is related to the recent string of violence around Wilmington. Disclaimer: Comments posted on this, or any story are opinions of those people posting them, and not the views or opinions  of WWAY NewsChannel 3, its management or employees. You can view our comment policy here. The guy is dead, he tried to straighten out his life, even if it took a stroke. It still isn't right that someone took his life in this violent way. If you died today or tomorrow you wouldn't want someone talking bad about you or would you? Let's have a march to end my tax dollars being used to give career criminals, free houses, food stamps, and welfare checks, in Section Eight Housing areas. Wilmington is too violent.  We need to drop the hammer and play hard ball with these criminals.  If not they will continue to use violence to scare the rest of us.  If you sleep with dogs you will get fleas. Before you speak harsh words please remember the grief of his loved ones. We are all human,  we are all equal, despite one's circumstances. Such cruelties are not justified. This man had quite a criminal history... http://webapps6.doc.state.nc.us/opi/viewoffender.do?method=view&offender... It's not a good idea to have career criminals, living in the same, government welfare communities, as children. You can blame Law Enforcement, all want. But I feel Welfare spending is creating the criminal violence, we are all denouncing, and trying to solve. I seriously doubt that a muzzle silencer was used in this crime. Two shots fired in close proximity to other homes (with windows open on a crisp cool autumn evening), and nothing suspicious reported until this morning? Very sad news. My prayers go out to the family of the deceased, and our failing community.  Maybe you should get your facts straight before you start making statements.. Its not called a muzzle silencer.. Its called a suppressor.. plain and simple.. And no one can get one unless you passed a ATF nationwide background check and paying for a 200.00 tax stamp and being finger printed and takes 6 months for an approval or denial you will not get your hands on one..  You can make home made suppressors it doesnt have to be military grade and seeing as nothing was heard and they were in an apartment someone had to have one    From Wikipedia: A suppressor, sound suppressor, or silencer, is a device attached to or part of the barrel of a firearm which reduces the amount of noise, and the amount of visible muzzle flash, generated by firing the weapon. An essay on the anatomy of firearms was clearly not the intention of my post. Obviously it was to voice my opinion concerning another tragic crime in our community. My original opinion contained no facts to be misrepresented. However; I now have a new opinion that you have anger issues arising from your inability to legally procure a "suppressor".  Like criminals go through the process to get the stamp for the suppressor. Come little boy get your head out your a**.  They are criminal coach roaches there is no law.  Go to Prince Mart or other foreign run stores and you can get any weaopn of mass destruction you want, counterfiet money too. What is funny they are protected by our law enforcement agencies. undercover investigation will bring to light alot how guns and drugs are brought in using their cab aand limo  companies ann stores. Yes the WPD and sheriff department are aware of their activites Time to wake up out of your perfect fantasy world where all people do things the legal way. If any thug wants a silencer or gun do you think they will go through a background check pay all that money? Nooooo they will do like they have been doing for many years and just buy one off the street or steal it. Actually you can make a suppressor from pvc pipe and steel wool there are instruction for doing so on the world wide web  EVERYONE WITH A MUGSHOT IS NOT A THUG . POSSESS SCHEDULE VI ,CARRY CONCEALED WEAPON, ASSAULT ON FEMALE#1,ASSAULT ON FEMALE#2,DRUG PARA - USE/POSSESS, VIOLATION OF LOCAL ORDINANCE, POSSESS SCHEDULE II, DRUG PARA - USE/POSSESS#2,DAMAGE TO PROPERTY ,RESISTING OFFICER ,POSSESS SCHEDULE II #2, POSSESS SCHEDULE VI,SECOND DEGREE TRESPASS, DRUG PARA - USE/POSSESS#3, POSSESS SCHEDULE II #3,POSSESSION OF FIREARM BY FELON, MANUFACTURE SCHEDULE II. Yeah boy, He was an upstanding citizen. All those drugs no wonder he had a stroke. Bet we were paying for his house and food too.  Well said!  What more do you need to be classified as a thug? Interesting that the photo of the victim posted with this article is a mug shot. Neighbors heard a ruckus but didnt report anything???? What outstanding citizens they are! And to think the violence will ever stop. The citizens in the "Hoods" dont do anything, When there is probably 10 people who knows what happened and the POLICE forget about it!!!No hope......... Just so you will know: the police do not "forget about it". However when no one will provide information to the cops they run out of people to talk to. Maybe you think the police are supposed to magically know who commits every crime. Leads are developed from sources of information who are verified and corroborated before they make an arrest so that you don't have the opportunity to write a comment about the cops nabbing the wrong guy. Also if you charge and try the right thug and don't have your case together when you go to court, the thug goes free and can't be tried again. Finally someone who has the common sense to know that it's not always LEO's fault. Just so you know, this place is not the "hood" and it's not filled with "thugs". Houston Moore public housing is the problem, which happens to be right beside this property.   