1 1 LIVEVIDEO WATCH LIVE: NBC10 News Share NBC 10 A man is in critical condition after being shot in the abdomen near LOVE Park. Police are still looking for two male suspects. NBC10's Matt DeLucia reports. Investigation Into Shooting Near LOVE Park Link to this video Embed this video Replay More videos (3 of 9) A man shot and killed after being chased from LOVE Park Tuesday was the intended target, authorities revealed today. The man, his girlfriend and his brother stopped by Philadelphia’s iconic park to take some photos, according to investigators. Two armed men wearing dark hoodies approached the three yet-to-be-identified victims as they were taking photos around 2:30 a.m. Tuesday in Love Park at 15th Street and JFK Boulevard in Center City. The group darted off after the armed men announced a robbery. The would-be robbers followed the victims across 15th Street and into a SEPTA entrance next to the Municipal Services Building. Dad Gets Prison Time for Heroin in Baby's Bottle Teen Drives School Bus After Fight: Police House Fire Claims Mom, Son, Man & Dog “The perpetrators followed the victim into the stairwell and we know that at least eight shots were fired from a large caliber, semi-automatic handgun,” said Police Chief Inspector Scott Small. One shot struck the 37-year-old victim in the abdomen. He was taken to Hahnemann University Hospital Tuesday morning. He was pronounced dead late Tuesday afternoon. The victim was the intended target and the shooting wasn't random, police said Wednesday morning. The shooters ran off south on 15th Street. Investigators said they didn't know if the men stole anything. No one else was hurt. Surveillance video and the proximity to city government buildings could help police track down the suspects. "Fortunately there are several cameras, not only at the Municipal Services Building but in the area of City Hall, which is right across the street," Small said. "We're gonna attempt to get a copy of these recordings and hopefully they can help us with this investigation." Anyone with information is asked to contact Philadelphia Police.   Get the latest from NBC10 Philadelphia anytime: Android/iPhone/iPad Apps | SMS Alerts | Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | RSS