1 1 Advertisement 46° Local weather National Weather Service A man was shot and killed late Thursday at an apartment complex on Fort Wayne's south end, city police said. It was the fourth shooting in eight days in the city and the second fatal one. About 11:15 p.m., 911 dispatchers received reports of a shooting at South Bridge Apartments, said Jason Anthony, a police spokesman. Callers told dispatchers they heard gunshots and looked out to see a man on the ground next to the apartment building at 8321 Bridgeway Lane. By the sidewalk in front of the building, officers found the man suffering from gunshots wounds. Medics arrived and pronounced him dead, Anthony said. The victim's identity was not released. Police spoke with residents who reported seeing two men run around the side of the apartment building after the gunshots rang out. Officers tried unsuccessfully to track the men with a police dog, Anthony said. Tony Krausz, assistant sports editor for The Journal Gazette, lives in an apartment near the site of the shooting and was at home when it happened. "I heard three shots, and then a guy yelled out, 'Help me!' " Krausz said, adding that he looked outside and saw the victim on the ground. "I called 911, and they said they received multiple phone calls." Anthony said detectives had no suspects and that no motive had been determined in the shooting. Three prior shootings badly wounded three people, including a 22-year-old man who died at a local hospital. Officer Michael Joyner, a city police spokesman, said detectives have not identified suspects or determined motives in the three prior shootings, which took place between Sept. 19 and Wednesday. He said no links between the cases have been established. On Saturday night, Jordan Lee Calland was shot several times in a building at Twin Oaks Apartments on East Paulding Road, near Hessen Cassel Road, police said. In a second-floor apartment, officers found Calland with gunshot wounds, and medics took him from the scene in critical condition. The next day, Calland was declared brain dead at Lutheran Hospital, said Patt Kite, a spokeswoman for the Allen County Coroner's Office. When someone is brain dead, the coroner's office considers that person to be dead. So as far as the office is concerned, Calland's day of death was Sunday, Kite said Thursday. However, in the days after he was pronounced brain dead, Calland's body was kept on a ventilator, with his heart still beating, so he could become an organ donor, she said. The coroner's office has not officially ruled Calland's death a gunshot homicide, pending an autopsy today, Kite said. Calland, a city resident, did not live in the apartment where officers found him wounded, police said. Witnesses told investigators they heard gunshots and then saw three men dressed in black run from the building and leave in a white, four-door car. Police have identified the other shooting victims as James E. Starks Jr., 19, of Fort Wayne and Jaleisa Veazey, 24, of New Haven. On Thursday night, hospital staff said Veazey was in critical condition and that an update on Starks' condition was not available. Starks was shot the evening of Sept. 19 at the same apartment complex where Calland was shot. Police believe Starks and another person were walking outside when someone came from an apartment building and fired at them before fleeing on foot. Medics took Starks to a hospital in critical condition, police said. On Wednesday evening, Veazey was wounded multiple times in a drive-by shooting. Officers found her in the driver's seat of a Chrysler parked in the 4500 block of Warsaw Street, police said. Witnesses told police that a dark-colored sport utility vehicle going south on Warsaw pulled alongside the car and someone in the SUV opened fire. The SUV was last seen headed south on Warsaw. The windows on the passenger side may have been shot out, police said. In response to the recent shootings, Carlton Lynch, pastor of New Beginnings Church, is planning an emergency meeting to address violence in the city. The gathering is set for 6 p.m. today at Jerusalem Baptist Church, 1151 Francis St. aingersoll@jg.net  Crime stats  Related Advertisement   		  		OAS_AD("x02");  		   		  		OAS_AD("x03");  		   		  		OAS_AD("Right");  		        		  