1  Time's a wastin' - find the perfect camp for your kids!     Take our culinary journey around the world – via Queens.     'Tis the season to travel!   @aidangardiner HARLEM — A 32-year-old woman was found shot to death in the King Tower Houses complex Monday night, just blocks away from her home, according to the NYPD. Jayyidah Woodley had multiple gunshot wounds to her torso when cops discovered her inside of 70 Lenox Ave., near West 113th Street, about 11:30 p.m., police said. Woodley, who lived about two blocks away, was pronounced dead at the scene, cops said. The circumstances of her shooting were not immediately clear and police said the investigation is ongoing. Related Items Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Harlem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Get Our Daily Harlem Newsletter Terms of Use |Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. Advertisement  Our Neighborhood Renewal Team is a group of Northern Manhattanites driven by the Gospel to be good neighbors in the areas of justice, the arts and the lives of our children.   Advertisement Advertisement  Harlem organizations were accepting donations for those affected by the explosion on Park Avenue.  The 12th Annual Big Apple Barbecue is gearing up for a two-day meat fest in June.  Mayor de Blasio said victims of the East Harlem would be provided appropriate housing options shortly.  Casimir Nozkowski made a short film about 70 Hester St., a former synagogue and raincoat factory.  The suspect attempted to force the boy into the vehicle when the child didn't respond listen.   	 	 The boy told police he got the gun from a friend and accidentally shot his sister, police said.  The board said the terrace would disrupt neighbors with loud noise.  A woman stole a replica pair of Dorothy's slippers from the Hilton Garden Inn, police said.  The Millstone is marketed as one of a limited number of new condos in LIC's rental-heavy market.  Members of Congregation Beth Elohim are trying to stop the closure of Prospect Park Residence.  The explosion and building collapse is one of several in Harlem in the last few years.  El Patron recently opened in Clinton Hill serving fun cocktails and Latin cuisine.  The victim leapt into the car and fought thieves to get her cellphone back, police said.  The dead included a mom and her chef daughter, a musician, a dental assistant, and CUNY guard.  Business owners said they're already seeing the effects of the train suspensions.  Gardeners and volunteers are helping spruce up Leverich Cemetery and other spots all spring. Copyright © 2009-2014, DNAinfo.com. All Rights Reserved.