1 1 Markice Delshawn Brider, a 29-year-old black man, was shot and killed Monday, Sept. 23, in the 2200 block of East 114th Street in Watts, according to L.A. County coroner’s records. Brider was walking eastbound on East 114th street near a gym in the Imperial Courts housing projects when four men drove up in a minivan and two people exited and began firing, said Los Angeles Police Det. Supervisor Sal LaBarbera. Brider attempted to flee but was shot multiple times while lying on the ground, LaBarbera said.  Brider was pronounced dead at the scene at 7:51 p.m., said coroner’s spokesman Ed Winter. The shooting is believed to be related to another homicide that occurred 10 minutes earlier near the Nickerson Gardens public housing projects, LaBarbera said.  In that slaying, Kevin White, 44, was gunned down in the 1600 block of East 114th Street.  Anyone with information can call the Criminal Gang Homicide Division at (213) 485-4341. Those who wish to remain anonymous can call Crime Stoppers at (800)222-8477.  [Updated at 9:37 p.m. Sept. 27: Kevin Phillips, also known as Chris Smith, 26, has been charged with two counts of murder   with gang allegations in connection with Brider's and White's deaths.   The other men believed to be involved with the slayings are still at   large. Phillips is expected to be arraigned Oct. 3 in L.A. County   Superior Court.]  -- Nicole Santa Cruz I'm so sorry to read about your loved one.  Pretty soon Jehovah God is going to put a stop to all this killing. Please read (Psalms 37:10,29) that should bring some comfort to you.  What a wonderful hope that is. rip, chiccen were gonna miss you i cant believe your gone.sosa gang cuzz enemy bashing. signed s blue. ripj chiccen. Rest in peace to my sweetheart Markiece aka chiccen. I love you always with all my heart baby! Rest in peace to my bro chiccen stuff crazy out here my boy but either way it go its gone all get handled n I got yo Fam bro #Vamp Life#Members Only  				If you enter anything in this field your comment will be treated as spam: 