1 1   Akron 8-year-old starts a teddy bear drive to help burn victims.     The Medina County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is crowded with cats…    Akron 8-year-old starts a teddy bear drive to help burn victims.     The Medina County Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is crowded with cats…    If you're running Windows XP on your computer, you are running out of time. Microsoft is…    Residents living at the Hyde Park Condominiums report a vacant, foreclosed unit has them…    Peaches Geldof, the wild-child daughter of concert organizer Bob Geldof who worked as a…    More twists on “Dancing with the Stars” including a partner switch-up and a…    How are you doing on your bracket? Check the scores here.      As if the Cavaliers and Browns don't have enough trouble winning games. Now their most…    Find out where the local Lenten fish fry events are taking place in Cleveland March 5-April 17.     Consumer Reports ranked 25 infant car seats for crash protection, ease of use and fit and…    Akron 8-year-old starts a teddy bear drive to help burn victims.     This feature packed upgrade brings you faster performance, easier navigation, and stunning…    Play ball!  Today is the   114  th   Home Opener in Indians history and the   21  st  …    Pictures from the aftermath of the 1974 Super Outbreak show widespread devastation.     The childhood home in Bath Township where notorious serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer murdered…    Big Lots is now the official thrift outlet for Twinkies and other Hostess snack cakes.     WEWS anchors visiting 25 cities in 25 days, keeping you safe where you live! Vote for streets!     Get information on obtaining a copy of a NewsChannel5 news story or show.     See our traffic map and get updated incident reports.     Check out traffic updates for northeast Ohio from Good Morning Cleveland Traffic Anchor…    Meteorologist Jason Nicholas says to expect scattered rain for Monday with highs in the 50s.    CLEVELAND - Cleveland Police are investigating and searching for suspect after a man was shot and killed at East 105 and Hampden Avenue Saturday morning. Police Dispatch received a call for a dead body in the area around 8:20 a.m When they arrived on scene officers located the victim, identified as 28-year-old Jawann Hall of Lakewood, with multiple gunshot wounds to the back. Hall was found unresponsive and pronounced dead on the scene. The Homicide Unit was notified and is investigating. The preliminary investigation reveals that a person walking in in the area of E. 105 and Hampden Avenue saw Hall lying in an alleyway in the 10600 block of Madison Court and called police. The official cause of death will be determined by the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's Office. The Cleveland Division of Police is asking that anyone with information in connection with this incident to contact the Homicide Unit at 216.623.5464. Anonymous information can be given to Crime Stoppers by calling 216.252.7463 or Text messaging to Text TIP657 plus your message to Crimes (274637). Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.   