1 1 WINGFIELD The Santa Fe Bar, which was the site of a double murder Saturday morning, near High Springs on Saturday. The Columbia County Sheriff's Office responded about 1:15 a.m. to the Santa Fe Bar regarding a disturbance that resulted in two people being shot, according to a press release by the sheriff's office. Authorities are looking for Willie J. Wingfield III, of Fort White, in connection with the death of the two victims, who are also from Fort White. Two Fort White men were shot and killed at a bar near High Springs early Saturday morning and authorities continued to search for the culprit through Saturday, reported the Columbia County Sheriff's Office. Killed in the parking lot of the Santa Fe Bar, 23731 U.S. 441, were Dennis Lamont Smith, 38, and Erik Antonio Akins, 24, a Sheriff's Office press release states. Identified as a person of interest in the shooting was Willie J. Wingfield III, 21, of Fort White. Authorities were called about the fight about 1:15 a.m. and arrived at the bar in southern Columbia County to find Smith and Akins dead in the parking lot and the shooter gone, the release states. Witnesses told deputies that at about 1 a.m., an altercation occurred in the parking lot of the bar, which is just across the Santa Fe River from High Springs. The reason for the altercation or who started it are not known, the Sheriff's Office reported. The bar was closed Saturday with a sign on the door saying it will reopen Monday. An older sign on the door warned people not to loiter in the parking lot. Neighbors described hearing gunshots and later seeing the section of U.S. 441 near the bar lined with police cars. Officers from the Alachua County Sheriff's Office and the High Springs Police Department also responded. “I heard the gunshots and thought, hmm, is someone hunting? Then I took the dogs out and saw there were police all over. The road from the river was closed,” said Seth Soto, who lives on U.S. 441 almost across from the bar. Another neighbor said she drove up after hearing gunshots and saw the two men on the ground at the south end of the parking lot. She said fights are a common occurrence at the bar, adding that it draws customers from a number of towns, including High Springs, Alachua, Fort White and Lake City. Sue Resmondo said she drove by after hearing the noise to see what the commotion was about. She said officers were searching a wooded area across from the bar. “They were lined up elbow to elbow going into the woods. It was just crazy. It was a mess. There were police everywhere,” Resmondo said. “My husband comes here some. It's a pretty decent place.” The bar has two buildings separated by a breezeway. A sign on the building closest to the shootings indicated it is a bottle club. Gainesville police said late Saturday afternoon that authorities were asked to be on the lookout for a burgundy-colored car with a Louisiana license plate, which may be associated with Wingfield. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement is assisting the Columbia County Sheriff's Office with the investigation. The Columbia County Sheriff's Office is asking anyone with information to call detectives at 386-719-2005. Anonymous tips may be made through Crime Stoppers of Columbia County by calling 386-754-7099 or by submitting a Web tip at www.columbiacrimestoppers.net/. Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.