1 1 Authorities said they are investigating an apparent murder-suicide attempt that left a woman dead and her husband seriously injured. Wilkes-Barre police responded to 389 Andover St. about 11:05 p.m. Thursday for a report of shots fired with a woman shot in the chest and a man with a gunshot wound. The woman, 47-year-old Jane Aiello, died of her injuries at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center, Plains Township at 11:43 p.m., according to Acting Luzerne County Coroner Bill Lisman. He said an autopsy to determine the cause and manner of death was scheduled for Saturday at 9 a.m. The suspected shooter is Aiello's husband, 48-year-old Vito Aiello, First Assistant District Attorney Sam Sanguedolce said. No charges had been filed as of Friday morning. (James Halpin / Staff photographer) Vito and Jane Aiello of Andover Street, Wilkes-Barre.   	WILKES-BARRE - Authorities say a woman who filed for divorce two weeks ago was shot and killed by her husband Thursday night in an apparent murder-suicide attempt.   	Jane Aiello, 47, of 389 Andover St., was fatally shot about 11:05 p.m. Thursday at her home. Her husband, 48-year-old Vito Aiello, who owns a Wilkes-Barre carpet cleaning business, then turned the gun on himself, according to prosecutors.   	Mr. Aiello, who court records show has a history of troubled break-ups, was hospitalized at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center, Plains Twp., in critical condition. He's expected to survive, prosecutors said.   	Wilkes-Barre police responded to the family home for a report of shots fired with a woman shot in the chest and a man with an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.   	Neighbors reported hearing four shots, followed by the couple's youngest son, 15-year-old Salvatore Aiello, running out wearing only shorts and screaming for help, saying his father had just shot his mother.   	A neighbor, Jeff Nealon, ran to the house and found Mr. Aiello had come downstairs with a gunshot to the face, neighbors said. Mr. Nealon took the gun from him, according to neighbors.   	Prosecutors confirmed Mr. Aiello was still conscious when authorities arrived.   	Mrs. Aiello died of her injuries at 11:43 p.m. at Geisinger Wyoming Valley Medical Center, and Acting Luzerne County Coroner Bill Lisman said an autopsy was scheduled for 9 a.m. today.   	Charges pending   	Luzerne County District Attorney Stefanie Salavantis said charges were pending and would be filed soon after the autopsy or early next week.   	"He is not in a state to be able to even exit the hospital," Ms. Salavantis said. "I do know that Wilkes-Barre city has someone there and he is still undergoing treatment."   	Prosecutors said the investigation was in its early stages and would not comment on a possible motive.   	Court records show Mrs. Aiello filed for divorce Sept. 13. The divorce filing says the couple, who married Sept. 28, 1991, had an "irretrievably broken" relationship and that Mr. Aiello's conduct had made his wife's "condition intolerable."   	Friends say Mr. Aiello took the divorce filing hard.   	"When I heard they were getting divorced, I just had the feeling that it wasn't going to end good," said City-Wide Towing operator Bob Kadluboski, a friend who saw Mr. Aiello earlier Thursday and thought he seemed OK.   	Wilkes-Barre police were first called to the Aiellos' home for a welfare check about 11 p.m. Monday, when a woman reported being unable to reach her brother, according to 911 dispatch center records.   	Neighbors reported seeing Wilkes-Barre police taking Mr. Aiello away in a patrol car.   	Police did not respond to an inquiry about the nature of that contact, but several sources said Mr. Aiello was taken in for a mental health commitment.   	Neighbors reported seeing him back at the house with his wife Wednesday.   	History of contact   	Court records show Mr. Aiello had a history of making unwanted contact with ex-girlfriends.   	In 2005, he pleaded guilty to charges of making terroristic threats, harassment and stalking in connection with three separate cases.   	Court records show that in one case, Mr. Aiello harassed an ex-girlfriend, Karen Nowicki, for months after she broke up with him on April 8, 2004, after dating for about a year and a half.   	Ms. Nowicki told police that Mr. Aiello "couldn't handle it," and that her brother had found a secret recorder that Mr. Aiello put on her phone line, according to court records.   	Ten days after the break-up, Mrs. Aiello called authorities to report her husband was on his way to Exeter to kill Ms. Nowicki.   	Mrs. Aiello had her husband involuntarily committed for a mental health evaluation, saying she feared he would hurt himself and others, according to court records.   	In an unrelated case, Drums resident Lori A. Charnogursky, filed a protection-from-abuse order in 2009 against Mr. Aiello, whom she identified in court documents as a current or former intimate partner. The application says Mr. Aiello made repeated unwanted contact with her and that she suspected he was stalking her.   	BOB KALINOWSKI, staff writer, contributed to this report.   	Contact the writer: jhalpin@citizensvoice.com, @cvjimhalpin on Twitter                                          