1 1 Gunman Fires ’20 Shots’ at Wheeling Federal Building in West Virginia 3 Dead in Houston Suburb Shooting: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know BREAKING: Shooting Near Long Island Shopping Mall Connecticut Elementary School on Lockdown After Nearby Shooting Shooting at Carver High School in North Carolina: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know Standoff With Suspect in Pawn Shop Full of Guns Michael Brandon Hill, Georgia School Shooter: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know Walmart Shooting in Neenah: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know Copyright ©2013 Heavy, Inc. All rights reserved. Share this Article Follow Heavy (Twitter) Tom Piccard, a retired Wheeling police officer, has been named by local sources in West Virginia as the man who opened fire on the federal courthouse in the town on October, injuring several people, reports CBS West Virginia. Here's what you need to know: It's reported that at around 2:45 p.m. Piccard picked up a position in the parking lot of a Chase bank across the street from the U.S. Federal building and courthouse in Wheeling, West Virginia. Armed with an assault rifle, Piccard "peppered" the buildings with bullets, before turning his attentions to the nearby by YMCA.  A security guard is reported to have been injured by falling glass during the shooting. Piccard was shot dead by US Marshals who were "returning fire" according Police Chief deputy Mike Claxton. Suspect identified as former #Wheeling pd officer Tom Piccard ..resigned in 2000. Press conference at 8 #eyewitnessWV — Elizabeth Noreika (@enoreikaWCHS) October 9, 2013  It's reported by local sources that Piccard has been off the job for 15 years but resigned in 2000. Police are still trying to figure out the motive for the shooting. According to KDKA, despite the government shutdown, Homeland Security investigators will still be looking into Piccard's alleged actions. Piccard was born in Wheeling, the son of Nancy Griffiths and Thomas Piccard. His mother died in 2007, according to the obituary the family are practicing Catholics.  WTRF reports that three people (possibly including the security guard) were admitted to Wheeling Hospital with injuries relating to the incident.  Share this Article Follow Heavy Respond to this More News you need to know