1    Daily Record/Sunday News An autopsy on the body of Rosario Medina found his death was caused by a gunshot wound to the head, and that the manner of death was homicide. York City Police continue to investigate. Anyone with information is asked to call York City Police at 717-846-1234 or text YORKTIPS to 847-411 (TIP411).     Previous report: York City Police are investigating a shooting Friday night in the first block of West South Street that left one man dead. Rosario Medina, 44, who lives at the address, died at the scene about 11:30 p.m., said Jeffri Goodfellow, York County deputy coroner. He died of at least one gunshot wound, police said. York City Police Chief Wes Kahley said Medina likely knew his attacker. "At this time, we don't believe it was a random act of violence," Kahley said. "There was knowledge, it appears, between the victim and the suspect. It's still pretty early in the investigation." The incident surprised some residents, who described their block, which adjoins Penn Park, as relatively quiet compared with some other parts of the city. "Normally, it is the safest neighborhood within four blocks," said Liz Poff, who lives several houses down from where Medina was shot. Poff, who serves as the block's captain for the neighborhood watch, has lived in her home for 42 years. During that time, she said, the block has never seen a murder. "I can say this: Neighbors look out for neighbors," she said. "This is a neighborhood that sticks together." Joan Hubley has lived across the street for 55 years, and "nothing has never happened," she said. "I pray for the person who was killed," she said. "I pray for the person who did the crime." Hubley said that many of the homes on the street are owner-occupied. The building where Medina lived, she said, is rented to tenants. "This can happen anywhere," she said. "It doesn't matter the neighborhood." Police are asking anyone with knowledge of the shooting to contact them at 717-849-2219 or 717-846-1234. The anonymous tip line is available at 717-849-2204.     Updated information on crime in York County    var root = document.getElementsByTagName('html')[0]; root.setAttribute('xmlns', 'http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml'); root.setAttribute('xmlns:fb', 'http://www.facebook.com/2008/fbml'); root.setAttribute('xmlns:og', 'http://ogp.me/ns#'); 