1 1 The death of a man in LaFayette, Ga., after being shot on Monday evidently was followed by a chase through Alabama and then the apparent suicide of the driver of the vehicle after a crash. The Walker County Sheriff's Office reported in a news release that a call about a shooting at 1039 Old Dalton Road in LaFayette on Monday led to officers finding a deceased man there and information that a man and woman had left the scene just prior to the arrival of the officer. Roy Leonard McKeehan Jr, 63, was identified as the victim at the scene with a possible gunshot wound and trauma to his head and neck area. The release said the cause of death awaits autopsy results. A lookout was issued for the vehicle that had been seen leaving the scene and then Chattooga County (Ga.) sheriff's deputies reportedly came into contact with a vehicle that matched the description. The driver of the vehicle led Chattooga County officials on a chase into Cherokee County, Ala., where it was reported the driver of the vehicle lost control, leading to a crash. When authorities approached the vehicle, the release said, the driver appeared to have a self-inflected gunshot wound and was pronounced dead on the scene. The Walker County Sheriff's Office said in its release that Daniel Chad Marks, 35, also of LaFayette, was identified as the driver of the vehicle. Authorities reported they are interviewing the female occupant of the vehicle, whom they described as unharmed. Get breaking news from the Times Free Press on Twitter at www.twitter.com/timesfreepress or by visiting us on Facebook or Twitter at the right: LaFAYETTE, Ga. -- Daniel Chad Marks' family says he came to visit around 9 p.m. Monday. They say he brought ... The Walker County Sheriff’s Office has released the name of a LaFayette man who died from an accidental gunshot wound ... The Walker County Sheriff’s Office this morning released the name of a 24-year-old Lafayette, Ga., man who died from an ... A 26-year-old LaFayette, Ga., man died this afternoon from a gunshot wound to the head that Walker County investigators are ...