1   								  									Photo by Mike Brown, The Commercial Appeal  								  							 Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong addresses the media about an officer involved shooting that left 24-year-old Steven Askew dead after allegedly pointing a handgun at officers.  Phillip Penny Matthew Dyess Ned Aufdenkamp Relatives of the man shot and killed by police last week believe a video taken shortly after the shooting calls into question the officers' account of what happened. Memphis Police Department officials called a news conference Tuesday, however, to refute claims made by the family of Steven Askew and their attorney. Askew, 24, was shot and killed just before 10 p.m. last Thursday by MPD officers Ned Aufdenkamp, 30, and Matthew Dyess, 31, while he sat in his car in an apartment complex in the 3100 block of Tyrol Court in Southeast Memphis. According to police, officers were responding to a complaint of loud music in that area. Although they didn't find the source of the noise, the officers said they continued searching the area and found Askew either asleep or unconscious inside a 1995 Crown Victoria. The officers said they saw a handgun inside the car. Askew had a legal permit to carry a gun, police confirmed Tuesday. At that point, the officers knocked on the windows and "began giving verbal commands to the subject," police said. According to police, Askew acknowledged their presence, but still armed himself with the gun and pointed at them. Both officers fired, but police wouldn't say how many shots hit Askew. He was pronounced dead on the scene. According to attorney Howard Manis, representing the family, a cellphone video taken by a resident calls that into question. "We believe it shows three additional shots fired into the car by police, at least 45 seconds or longer after the first shots were fired," said Manis, adding that Askew was waiting on his girlfriend to arrive back at the complex. "I think it goes to possibly the intent of the officers. We have concerns for the need for additional shots that long afterward." The video has not been made available to the media, but MPD Director Toney Armstrong has seen it, he said in the press conference Tuesday afternoon. "I have reviewed this video and did not view such events to occur. There is a loud noise but it is not indicative of gunfire," Armstrong said, adding that he based that statement on his 24 years of experience. "Our hearts and prayers go out to the family of Steven Askew in their time of loss." The officers, both of whom are assigned to the Mt. Moriah Station, have been routinely relieved of duty with pay. Aufdenkamp has been with MPD since July 2007 while Dyess joined in June 2010. Askew's only criminal offense was a misdemeanor arrest for disorderly conduct in July 2010. That record was later expunged. Police also released the name of the officer involved in the first police shooting this year. On Jan. 11, Officer Phillip Penny, 36, fatally shot and killed Don Moore at the victim's Cordova home. Penny has also been relieved of duty with pay. Moore was the subject of an investigation into possible animal cruelty as well as an apparent hoarder. Police said he pointed a weapon at officers.   				  				© 2013 Memphis Commercial Appeal. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.    				  Come on now people. This is the reason why we need our policemen to be bonafide and certified. Just think, they get to carry a legal weapon at the age of 21, let along becoming an authority figure who haven't live life yet. Most of all, some of them may already have issues. They are afraid so they cannot think faster than they can pull the trigger on a gun. If we do not train our policemen until they get it that not all black men are a danger, and that they deserve a chance to give an explanation for whatever the reasons maybe. Let this be a learning lesson on both sides. To our black men, be aware that  you are still not free enough to mine your own business after dark, no matter the neighborhood. To our policemen, the next time you ride up on someone sitting and sleeping in his/her own car, be rational and think outside the box. Thinking ahead sometimes keep things from blowing out of proportion. In this case it might help save a life or two. in response to Belvedere: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) Judging by the circumstances surrounding this sanctioned killing by Memphis Police Department and  its team of Judge Dredds, maybe he did not point a pistol. But when you a black male, it does not matter? Put this in that one track southern mind of yours, the officers were investigating loud music, did not find the source of the loud music. The source of the loud music would have been the loud music itself. They found  the next best thing, "A Black Man." in response to ritbm#235809: Come on now people. This is the reason why we need our policemen to be bonafide and certified. Just think, they get to carry a legal weapon at the age of 21, let along becoming an authority figure who haven't live life yet. Most of all, some of them may already have issues. They are afraid so they cannot think faster than they can pull the trigger on a gun. If we do not train our policemen until they get it that not all black men are a danger, and that they deserve a chance to give an explanation for whatever the reasons maybe. Let this be a learning lesson on both sides. To our black men, be aware that  you are still not free enough to mine your own business after dark, no matter the neighborhood. To our policemen, the next time you ride up on someone sitting and sleeping in his/her own car, be rational and think outside the box. Thinking ahead sometimes keep things from blowing out of proportion. In this case it might help save a life or two. RIT, I'm not mocking your post, very deep. But I've  lived Memphis all my life. This is expected. I've had police personnel threaten my life for no apparent reasons after an unauthorized stop, and when I complained, the response, where is your proof. If I had an assault weapon for every time I was pulled over for a minor traffic incident, if one even occurred, and asked if I had a weapon in the car,I would be more armed than a backwoods militia. I've been late for classes at the U of M, yes the U of M, because I was detained due to my Cadillac shining or the wheels were to big. Never mind, I paid for all with money working a legitimate job. I thank God my oldest son joined the military and is in Afghanistan, his chances of survival are greater. I gave him advice to never come back. For those Parents of young African American Men out there, here's my advice: Now if you're white you can trust the policeBut if you're black they ain't nothing but beastsWatch out for the killDon't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheelAnd don't get smartAnswer all questions, and that's your first lessonOn staying aliveIn the 901, yeah, that's how you survive "My baby would never point a gun at a policeman.  He's a good boy." Sounds to me like a reasonable reponse by the police based on previous experience. MPD Cops are getting shot at all the time. If you are stupid enough to wield a weapon in your hands, in the presence of officers, you are asking for it. And to read some of the above posts, you know who they are. touche' in response to ritbm#235809: Come on now people. This is the reason why we need our policemen to be bonafide and certified. Just think, they get to carry a legal weapon at the age of 21, let along becoming an authority figure who haven't live life yet. Most of all, some of them may already have issues. They are afraid so they cannot think faster than they can pull the trigger on a gun. If we do not train our policemen until they get it that not all black men are a danger, and that they deserve a chance to give an explanation for whatever the reasons maybe. Let this be a learning lesson on both sides. To our black men, be aware that  you are still not free enough to mine your own business after dark, no matter the neighborhood. To our policemen, the next time you ride up on someone sitting and sleeping in his/her own car, be rational and think outside the box. Thinking ahead sometimes keep things from blowing out of proportion. In this case it might help save a life or two. Your butchery and abuse of the English language is very disturbing.  In a feigned attempt to sound educated you have actually done the opposite.  The Police do not and will not “think outside the box” it is upon the African-American males to conform and stay within the box.  Although he apparently had a concealed carry permit, he had responsibilities and duties while carrying that weapon; which obviously he did not comply with.  You point a gun at the police and you get shot, that is not a very complicated lesson to comprehend. in response to Machiavellian: RIT, I'm not mocking your post, very deep. But I've  lived Memphis all my life. This is expected. I've had police personnel threaten my life for no apparent reasons after an unauthorized stop, and when I complained, the response, where is your proof. If I had an assault weapon for every time I was pulled over for a minor traffic incident, if one even occurred, and asked if I had a weapon in the car,I would be more armed than a backwoods militia. I've been late for classes at the U of M, yes the U of M, because I was detained due to my Cadillac shining or the wheels were to big. Never mind, I paid for all with money working a legitimate job. I thank God my oldest son joined the military and is in Afghanistan, his chances of survival are greater. I gave him advice to never come back. For those Parents of young African American Men out there, here's my advice: Now if you're white you can trust the policeBut if you're black they ain't nothing but beastsWatch out for the killDon't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheelAnd don't get smartAnswer all questions, and that's your first lessonOn staying aliveIn the 901, yeah, that's how you survive Pretty cool rap, maybe you can perform that for the Mayor.  I’m sure he would give you a key to the city!  The “beasts” out there on the streets are not the police.  We all read the paper every day and watch the news, we see who is doing the killing, raping, and robbing… in response to jomejr#226949: MPD Cops are getting shot at all the time. If you are stupid enough to wield a weapon in your hands, in the presence of officers, you are asking for it. And to read some of the above posts, you know who they are. Is this THE same ADVICE you'd give to one those 2nd Amendment Tea Party Bubba's with an AR-15 strapped across his back and a loaded Glock (with his concealed carry permit) on his hip??? In fact, under TN law it is totally lawful to carry a loaded AR-15 strapped across your back without any permits whatsoever.  But as we see there are some BUBBA's on the MPD who MIGHT see this as a THREAT apparently based on NOTHING more than their (MPD) PERCEPTION (or FEAR) of WHO the bearer may be... Are we beginning to SEE a pattern of WHO the MPD shoots... I encourage our local enforcement entities and the press to continue to demand TRANSPARENCY OF INFORMATION such that a SCORE CARD of WHO SHOOTS and WHO GOT SHOT develops. Some suggest the PATTERN has already formed. CA show the last 24 month countywide law enforcement records of the... SHOOTOR'S and SHOOTEE'S!!! BTW, the developing issue in this case seems to be... was the "weapon" in the deceased man hand?  It also seems there may be some "technology evidence" available to speak for the dead man!!! We'll see... in response to Machiavellian: RIT, I'm not mocking your post, very deep. But I've  lived Memphis all my life. This is expected. I've had police personnel threaten my life for no apparent reasons after an unauthorized stop, and when I complained, the response, where is your proof. If I had an assault weapon for every time I was pulled over for a minor traffic incident, if one even occurred, and asked if I had a weapon in the car,I would be more armed than a backwoods militia. I've been late for classes at the U of M, yes the U of M, because I was detained due to my Cadillac shining or the wheels were to big. Never mind, I paid for all with money working a legitimate job. I thank God my oldest son joined the military and is in Afghanistan, his chances of survival are greater. I gave him advice to never come back. For those Parents of young African American Men out there, here's my advice: Now if you're white you can trust the policeBut if you're black they ain't nothing but beastsWatch out for the killDon't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheelAnd don't get smartAnswer all questions, and that's your first lessonOn staying aliveIn the 901, yeah, that's how you survive I know your post sounds bad but you are so right. Black men are prey. It is the public's right and responsibility to ensure that the police force is held accountable for their actions.  A civilian review board should review and report all events in which police shoot civilians, and in which there are allegations of police brutality, criminal activity or failure to follow department guidelines.  After all, the police are still public servants...or are they? in response to ritbm#235809: Come on now people. This is the reason why we need our policemen to be bonafide and certified. Just think, they get to carry a legal weapon at the age of 21, let along becoming an authority figure who haven't live life yet. Most of all, some of them may already have issues. They are afraid so they cannot think faster than they can pull the trigger on a gun. If we do not train our policemen until they get it that not all black men are a danger, and that they deserve a chance to give an explanation for whatever the reasons maybe. Let this be a learning lesson on both sides. To our black men, be aware that  you are still not free enough to mine your own business after dark, no matter the neighborhood. To our policemen, the next time you ride up on someone sitting and sleeping in his/her own car, be rational and think outside the box. Thinking ahead sometimes keep things from blowing out of proportion. In this case it might help save a life or two. I think our policemen and women are trained to handle situations in the streets, however, our police today are in way more danger than they have been subjected to 15 - 20 years ago, and following so many shootings and killings of so many police officers by our young men today puts people, especially our police in a more "proactive" mind set than in the past. It is a shame that this young man had to lose his life at such a young age, but let this send a message to all people out there that if approached by a police officer please don't reach for or near a weapon, just follow the request of the officers right or wrong so that you will live to see another day. Just look at all the shootings over the weekend by our young people; what would you do if you felt your life was threatened? Don't be so quick to judge, even though it takes director Armstrong and his "Many" Majors and Colonels much too long to wrap up these cases, which then makes it look like a cover up. You would think they (Director Armstrong) would have learned a lesson by now, but that would be too much to ask! (THE) Who cares? in response to niecy37#685990: I know your post sounds bad but you are so right. Black men are prey. If "Black Men - Teens" don't want to be prey, then act accordingly! I will not make excuses for them  like some of you on here. I get so tired of being afraid to go out of my house because I don't know when I'm going to be car jacked or robbed, or just shot for no particular reason other than they just want to have fun. If these young black men and teens would stop acting like animals, then they wouldn't have to worry about being prey! Tell some of your stories to the family of the 62 year old lady unloading groceries in her driveway when her life was taken by a stray bullet from one of these "Black Men." (THE) I keep asking myself why would a lawful citizen, one who successfully met and passed all of the requirements and background checks to be issued a Tennessee Handgun Carry Permit, point his legally owned firearm at LEOs while sitting in his car? Was he startled upon being awakened in his car? Who knows? Was there an eminent threat that only the deceased knew of? Who knows? There are many, many questions to be asked, but there are few answers being reported. I think the best course of action that would/should be agreeable to all parties involved is to bring in an outside agency, like the TBI, to investigate the matter. Face it, a lot of the general public will not trust the MDP's conclusion and ruling. I think the least that Mr. Askew's parents, family and friends deserve is an outside agency's official opinion and ruling... One can only wonder if the police gave adequate warning before shooting or if the person who got killed by the police actually pulled his weapon.  Too bad the police didn't have their video rolling to capture what actually happened.  But wait!  We have the police assurances of how it went down, and we should blindly accept those as the gospel.  Ok, never mind. in response to Nightcrawler: I keep asking myself why would a lawful citizen, one who successfully met and passed all of the requirements and background checks to be issued a Tennessee Handgun Carry Permit, point his legally owned firearm at LEOs while sitting in his car? Was he startled upon being awakened in his car? Who knows? Was there an eminent threat that only the deceased knew of? Who knows? There are many, many questions to be asked, but there are few answers being reported. I think the best course of action that would/should be agreeable to all parties involved is to bring in an outside agency, like the TBI, to investigate the matter. Face it, a lot of the general public will not trust the MDP's conclusion and ruling. I think the least that Mr. Askew's parents, family and friends deserve is an outside agency's official opinion and ruling... CA... Why have not a story title included... "Concealed Carry Holder Killed by Police"??? NRA...It is time for you all to speak up!!! So far no preceding unlawful activity has been attached to his death... more commonly called "probable cause" to interrupt an American citizen's right to pursuit happiness by slumping in YOUR car. in response to Vril: One can only wonder if the police gave adequate warning before shooting or if the person who got killed by the police actually pulled his weapon.  Too bad the police didn't have their video rolling to capture what actually happened.  But wait!  We have the police assurances of how it went down, and we should blindly accept those as the gospel.  Ok, never mind. Adequate Warning?  I’m not sure where you received your officer survival training, but where I received mine we don’t have to wait until we have “adequately warned” them before firing when they have a weapon pointed at us.  I would assume in your in-depth training and experience that you wait until they actually fire at you and hope you don’t get hit, then you return fire afterwards.  Please do educated me oh enlightened one. in response to WhitehavenOpinion: CA... Why have not a story title included... "Concealed Carry Holder Killed by Police"??? NRA...It is time for you all to speak up!!! So far no preceding unlawful activity has been attached to his death... more commonly called "probable cause" to interrupt an American citizen's right to pursuit happiness by slumping in YOUR car. Where do I start with that comical yet uninformed post?  As Law Enforcement Officers they are also responsible for your safety, if they saw a man slumped over in a car it is their duty and responsibility to make sure that he is not having a medical issue or hasn’t been seriously injured in a violent attack.  Not sure if you read the CA much but people are attacked while sitting in their vehicle quit often.  While I’m not really sure that our founding fathers had in mind drunks sleeping in their car as pursuing happiness, I can say without a doubt that law enforcement doesn’t need probable cause to check on the wellbeing of a person. in response to RealisticMemphian: Adequate Warning?  I’m not sure where you received your officer survival training, but where I received mine we don’t have to wait until we have “adequately warned” them before firing when they have a weapon pointed at us.  I would assume in your in-depth training and experience that you wait until they actually fire at you and hope you don’t get hit, then you return fire afterwards.  Please do educated me oh enlightened one. So, it appears you are saying that you can sneak up behind somebody, tap on the windshield and startle them, then shoot them without appropriate or adequate warning if they pull a weapon?  Say it ain't so. in response to Machiavellian: RIT, I'm not mocking your post, very deep. But I've  lived Memphis all my life. This is expected. I've had police personnel threaten my life for no apparent reasons after an unauthorized stop, and when I complained, the response, where is your proof. If I had an assault weapon for every time I was pulled over for a minor traffic incident, if one even occurred, and asked if I had a weapon in the car,I would be more armed than a backwoods militia. I've been late for classes at the U of M, yes the U of M, because I was detained due to my Cadillac shining or the wheels were to big. Never mind, I paid for all with money working a legitimate job. I thank God my oldest son joined the military and is in Afghanistan, his chances of survival are greater. I gave him advice to never come back. For those Parents of young African American Men out there, here's my advice: Now if you're white you can trust the policeBut if you're black they ain't nothing but beastsWatch out for the killDon't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheelAnd don't get smartAnswer all questions, and that's your first lessonOn staying aliveIn the 901, yeah, that's how you survive Don't want to be treated like a gangster don't look like one.  Pull your pants up, get the Dubs/spinners off your car, sit up straight so you can see over the steering wheel, turn down the bass and do the speed limit.  There were 157 homicides in Memphis last year 5 were justifiable by police.  Per the police director you are much more likely to be killed by someone you know. You might want to adjust the company you keep. in response to RealisticMemphian: Where do I start with that comical yet uninformed post?  As Law Enforcement Officers they are also responsible for your safety, if they saw a man slumped over in a car it is their duty and responsibility to make sure that he is not having a medical issue or hasn’t been seriously injured in a violent attack.  Not sure if you read the CA much but people are attacked while sitting in their vehicle quit often.  While I’m not really sure that our founding fathers had in mind drunks sleeping in their car as pursuing happiness, I can say without a doubt that law enforcement doesn’t need probable cause to check on the wellbeing of a person. First, I wasn't born last night... Second, your Law Enforcement Partners had better HOPE that an expert analysis of that "cell phone recording" confirms that the alleged "initial loud sound" separated by 45 seconds was not a "gun shot!" Third, most of the powers "LAW ENFORCEMENT" exercises is derived from "verbal or situational manipulation of the subject" to obtain "PROBABLE CAUSE!!!" Thank you... One would think the police could safely warn somebody asleep in their car from a distance by using a bullhorn or the loudspeakers present on most police vehicles.  Seems that would be a reasonable way to avoid a potentially fatal shooting situation.  Just a thought.  And, no, I do not blindly accept the police account of how things went down, mainly because I have numerous police acquaintances and know how inept, unnecessarily aggressive and all-too-willing to lie and cover their incompetent behinds some of them are. LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — A fired Little Rock police officer was formally charged with manslaughter Friday, almost five months after his arrest for fatally shooting a 15-year-old boy he said was trying to run him over with a car. Joshua Ryan Hastings, 27, faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted of the Class C felony Chief deputy prosecutor John Johnson said the decision to charge Hastings was based on a review of the evidence by five prosecutors, including Prosecuting Attorney Larry Jegley, and that the case was subjected to the same review as every other homicide. "The process is always the same; the facts vary from case to case," Johnson said. "There's nothing to be read into the length of time it takes to file a case." Hastings was arrested after a police investigation contradicted his story about how he came to shoot 15-year-old Bobby Moore on Aug. 12 outside the Shadow Lake Apartments. Hastings was one of several officers dispatched to the complex to investigate a complaint about someone breaking into cars. Hastings told investigators he opened fire in fear for his life after a car carrying three suspects drove toward him at 25 to 35 mph and the driver refused to obey his commands to stop. The car did drive toward Hastings at some point, according to the arrest report. But detectives concluded, based on interviews with two teens in the car with Moore that night and physical evidence at the scene, that the vehicle had either stopped or was backing away from Hastings when Moore was shot, according to the report. The formal charge alleges that Hastings was reckless when he shot the teen. The Hastings family has a "long and distinguished" history of public service to the Little Rock community, Hastings' attorney Bill James said in a statement Friday. He said they are "distraught and disappointed" about the decision to charge Hastings, but that he looks forward to having his day in court. Hastings is the son of Capt. Terry Hastings, head of the department's southwest Little Rock bureau, and cousin to another officer, Clay Hastings. "A loss of life is tragic, but the decision to charge an on duty officer for actions taken to protect not only himself but the community at large from the threat of a person in the course of a felony only makes matters worse," James said. "Officer Hastings is confident that the jury that hears this case will see the truth." An autopsy showed that Moore had gunshot wounds in the left middle finger, right shoulder and left side of his head, with medical examiners determining the head wound would have been immediately fatal, preventing Moore from being able to steer, according to the arrest report. The left-to-right path of the bullet wound to the teen's head had a slightly downward angle, consistent with Moore having his head turned right to look over his shoulder, the report states. continued: Efforts to contact a representative of the family by phone and e-mail were unsuccessful Friday. Hastings, a five-year veteran, was placed on paid administrative leave after the shooting, a routine police practice, and he was fired in October, six weeks after his arrest, after an internal inquiry determined he had committed "serious misconduct" in violating five department rules or regulations — three of them related to Moore's shooting and the other two for mishandling a June burglary. He has appealed his firing to the city's Civil Service Commission. ___ Information from: Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, http://www.arkansasonline.com It is what it is. They do what they do. Mamba in response to Vril: So, it appears you are saying that you can sneak up behind somebody, tap on the windshield and startle them, then shoot them without appropriate or adequate warning if they pull a weapon?  Say it ain't so. According to the parents of the victim several shots were fired into this man. The police are not allowing the next of kin to even see the body because of the numerous bullet holes. This man was doing what he did every day, waiting in his car to pick-up his girlfriend. He had a permit to carry as do many of us. He was not a thug or felon. We don't know why he was slumped over (if in fact he was) in his car. Could it be he gave the wrong answer to the officers and antagonized them? And what about the loud music complaint? Interesting that there was no evidence of ANY music upon the arrival of the officers. How many officers does it take to respond to a loud music complaint? In light of the new fear factor it seems like anywhere between 3-8 should suffice. I hope this man's family gets the justice they deserve. Let this killing serve as a warning, when you are com fronted by the MPD, bow down and pray for your life. in response to grandmalou: According to the parents of the victim several shots were fired into this man. The police are not allowing the next of kin to even see the body because of the numerous bullet holes. This man was doing what he did every day, waiting in his car to pick-up his girlfriend. He had a permit to carry as do many of us. He was not a thug or felon. We don't know why he was slumped over (if in fact he was) in his car. Could it be he gave the wrong answer to the officers and antagonized them? And what about the loud music complaint? Interesting that there was no evidence of ANY music upon the arrival of the officers. How many officers does it take to respond to a loud music complaint? In light of the new fear factor it seems like anywhere between 3-8 should suffice. I hope this man's family gets the justice they deserve. Let this killing serve as a warning, when you are com fronted by the MPD, bow down and pray for your life. I agree PRAYER is ALWAYS an answer but it also requires WORK... and Director Armstrong has his WORK cut out for him.  He must continue to support his men and women but NOT HESITATE to charge, fire or otherwise weed out the the BUBBA's on his force who do not want to understand and appreciate ALL of the citizens they serve. He should continue to focus on Community Policing that places his employees in activities that allows them to know the citizens they serve... this story contains a problem and it will eventually surface!!! As with many police shooting deaths, there's never a shortage of speculation, innuendos and unfounded blame. Yes, the LEOs didn't know the condition of Mr. Askew, whether he himself was an injured victim of crime, or he was suffering from a natural ailment, and needed immediate medical assistance; or a drunk behind the wheel, or whatever. The LEOs did what they're trained to do - check on citizens that appear to be in need of help; or shield and/or contain them from innocent others. I don't see any fault of the arriving LEOs on this particular scene to check on Mr. Askew while he was slumped over his steering wheel. But again I have to ask, why would a TN HCP holder, that's been told in a handgun permit class that LEOs are trained to react to the mere presence of a firearm, point his at the LEOs on the scene while sitting in his car like a fish in a barrel? Was it suicide by cop? Who knows? There's just too many questions swirling around this tragic event that need to be addressed and answered. One thing is for sure, until a comprehensive report is publicly released by a trusted source, many people are going to have their doubts about Mr. Askew's death...and that's just the way it is... in response to grandmalou: According to the parents of the victim several shots were fired into this man. The police are not allowing the next of kin to even see the body because of the numerous bullet holes. This man was doing what he did every day, waiting in his car to pick-up his girlfriend. He had a permit to carry as do many of us. He was not a thug or felon. We don't know why he was slumped over (if in fact he was) in his car. Could it be he gave the wrong answer to the officers and antagonized them? And what about the loud music complaint? Interesting that there was no evidence of ANY music upon the arrival of the officers. How many officers does it take to respond to a loud music complaint? In light of the new fear factor it seems like anywhere between 3-8 should suffice. I hope this man's family gets the justice they deserve. Let this killing serve as a warning, when you are com fronted by the MPD, bow down and pray for your life. When you are "Confronted" by the police simply do as they say, no back talk! Why was his gun on the seat in the first place; and because he had no record does in no way  say that he wasn't a thug. Too many assumptions being made! Would you rather he had shot the police so you could then say RIP to the family of the officer? You people have to decide what it is you want! (THE) And speaking of speculation, innuendos and unfounded blame, I'll lay 10:1 odds that this tragic event will be the next topic in another roiling article from the local and infamous "Columnist". Any takers? I didn't think so... This whole thing just doesn't pass the initial smell test.  This guy - a citizen - was sleeping, waiting for his girlfriend, two cops walk up, he acknowledges their presence, then points a gun at them?  I simply don't believe that is what happened.  It doesn't make any sense. The only think that makes sense it the cops doing something stupid, causing the sleeping man to reach for his gun without knowing what was happening. I should add that the Editor of The Flyer said he knows the victim's parents.  Askew would routinely get off work, drive to these apartments, and nap while waiting for his girlfriend. in response to thevans70: When you are "Confronted" by the police simply do as they say, no back talk! Why was his gun on the seat in the first place; and because he had no record does in no way  say that he wasn't a thug. Too many assumptions being made! Would you rather he had shot the police so you could then say RIP to the family of the officer? You people have to decide what it is you want! (THE) The, sorry about the typo on "confronted". I'm old and still getting used to typing on a computer. Please charge this to my head and not to my heart. If you happen to be a cop charge me first without shooting me. To answer your question, I don't want to have to say RIP to anyone who has been met with a vicious killing. In response to your suggestion that "YOU PEOPLE" deciding what they want. The "YOU PEOPLE" I think you're referring to decided what they wanted over 400 years ago, but you people decided what you wanted was far better. As for me and my house, I want justice and equality for all men, regardless of race, creed or color. Sorry for the clutter, but Askew had a permit for his handgun. in response to niecy37#685990: I know your post sounds bad but you are so right. Black men are prey. More like Endangered Species: The Hunt is on!!! in response to mem_tiger83: Don't want to be treated like a gangster don't look like one.  Pull your pants up, get the Dubs/spinners off your car, sit up straight so you can see over the steering wheel, turn down the bass and do the speed limit.  There were 157 homicides in Memphis last year 5 were justifiable by police.  Per the police director you are much more likely to be killed by someone you know. You might want to adjust the company you keep. Right now beer is legal, cocaine isn't. Right now dubs/spinners can be purchase in any legitimate rim shop or online from Ebay, or is it against the law for a Black Man to purchase it. Most Black Men are considered tall, that's the reason why every major southern school recruits them to supplement their athletic budget, hard to sit up straight. As far as those britches, in southern charm voice, all races have those bottoms dragging. in response to WhitehavenOpinion: I agree PRAYER is ALWAYS an answer but it also requires WORK... and Director Armstrong has his WORK cut out for him.  He must continue to support his men and women but NOT HESITATE to charge, fire or otherwise weed out the the BUBBA's on his force who do not want to understand and appreciate ALL of the citizens they serve. He should continue to focus on Community Policing that places his employees in activities that allows them to know the citizens they serve... this story contains a problem and it will eventually surface!!! It appears to me that you are using the word “bubba” to imply that all of the white officers should be weeded out of the department.  My assumption would be that your belief is that these officers are racist just because they are white.  But I pose this question to you... Isn’t it inherently racist to assume that someone is racist just because of their skin color? Doesn’t that make you racist? in response to Machiavellian: RIT, I'm not mocking your post, very deep. But I've  lived Memphis all my life. This is expected. I've had police personnel threaten my life for no apparent reasons after an unauthorized stop, and when I complained, the response, where is your proof. If I had an assault weapon for every time I was pulled over for a minor traffic incident, if one even occurred, and asked if I had a weapon in the car,I would be more armed than a backwoods militia. I've been late for classes at the U of M, yes the U of M, because I was detained due to my Cadillac shining or the wheels were to big. Never mind, I paid for all with money working a legitimate job. I thank God my oldest son joined the military and is in Afghanistan, his chances of survival are greater. I gave him advice to never come back. For those Parents of young African American Men out there, here's my advice: Now if you're white you can trust the policeBut if you're black they ain't nothing but beastsWatch out for the killDon't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheelAnd don't get smartAnswer all questions, and that's your first lessonOn staying aliveIn the 901, yeah, that's how you survive How about parents giving this advice: Go get yoself an educationits one way to make a better nationThink about gettin a jobdon't want to be no welfare slobDon't you make no babies mammasor you will live a life of no promise in response to longisphere: How about parents giving this advice: Go get yoself an educationits one way to make a better nationThink about gettin a jobdon't want to be no welfare slobDon't you make no babies mammasor you will live a life of no promise Ha Ha! You aint keepin it real! ... .. Real Dumb! in response to longisphere: How about parents giving this advice: Go get yoself an educationits one way to make a better nationThink about gettin a jobdon't want to be no welfare slobDon't you make no babies mammasor you will live a life of no promise or buy an assault rifle and visit the neighborhood school? Is that what White parents tell their kids, it seems to me you are mocking Black parents? Was it White kids in Jonesboro, what about the guy in Colorado, or need we forget the unfortunate massacre in Connecticut? Parents can talk until they are blue in face, some kids will fall through the cracks no matter what color. As far as your response, we are referring to Black Men in Memphis being hunted by the police, not the Hatfield and McCoy s in backwoods Kentucky. in response to RealisticMemphian: It appears to me that you are using the word “bubba” to imply that all of the white officers should be weeded out of the department.  My assumption would be that your belief is that these officers are racist just because they are white.  But I pose this question to you... Isn’t it inherently racist to assume that someone is racist just because of their skin color? Doesn’t that make you racist? Bubba is term derived from Southern racism directed toward African American men during the golden years of the South. Uneducated Blacks named their kids Bubba. If you saw the movie, Forrest was White, Bubba was African American. As far as racism, since most of us, whether Black or White, are from the South, it's very safe to assume we all are racists. But Black Men are liars because neither one of us has ever been threatened by law enforcement, it's all in our heads. No we got to be crazy to wonder how a White man can gun another man down in a hotel, kill a responding officer in cold blood and calculate the death of more officers and still live to see a trial. But every month, we hear about a young Black male shot to death because he pointed a dangerous vehicle at a police officer or he was asleep in a car, not bothering anyone end up dead at the hands of police officer. How about a White Man walks into a crowded theater and randomly kill a bunch of people and still live to tell his story.  Memphis police can take a page from this, but again, if it's Black, Kill at Will!!! in response to GWCarver: Sorry for the clutter, but Askew had a permit for his handgun. True and if Askew was allowed to finish his nap, he would be alive today. in response to thevans70: When you are "Confronted" by the police simply do as they say, no back talk! Why was his gun on the seat in the first place; and because he had no record does in no way  say that he wasn't a thug. Too many assumptions being made! Would you rather he had shot the police so you could then say RIP to the family of the officer? You people have to decide what it is you want! (THE) No, I would have rather for him to finish his nap, pick his girlfriend up and go about his business. You are right about the thug thing, the gun did not  attract the officers to this so-called thug. You make it sound like, he arrived at the complex to shoot an officer!!!,D$M in response to Machiavellian: or buy an assault rifle and visit the neighborhood school? Is that what White parents tell their kids, it seems to me you are mocking Black parents? Was it White kids in Jonesboro, what about the guy in Colorado, or need we forget the unfortunate massacre in Connecticut? Parents can talk until they are blue in face, some kids will fall through the cracks no matter what color. As far as your response, we are referring to Black Men in Memphis being hunted by the police, not the Hatfield and McCoy s in backwoods Kentucky. You kinda threw that skunk for a loop. he should be quiet for awhile now. Mamba in response to Machiavellian: More like Endangered Species: The Hunt is on!!! Good point! 90% of all African Americans that are murdered are murdered by other African Americans. What's the moral of this story? The cops are the least of your concerns. I have met the enemy and He is Me. It is what it is..... in response to Machiavellian: or buy an assault rifle and visit the neighborhood school? Is that what White parents tell their kids, it seems to me you are mocking Black parents? Was it White kids in Jonesboro, what about the guy in Colorado, or need we forget the unfortunate massacre in Connecticut? Parents can talk until they are blue in face, some kids will fall through the cracks no matter what color. As far as your response, we are referring to Black Men in Memphis being hunted by the police, not the Hatfield and McCoy s in backwoods Kentucky. While I agree there appears to be problems with white males and mental health, these events occur pretty infrequently; especially compared to the daily barrage of black on black crimes that occur within the African-American community across this country.  And Mamba here is a skunk that I’m sure you don’t want to smell:If you look at table 43a of the 2011, 2012 isn’t completed yet, FBI Uniform Crime Report. There were 9,499,725 over all arrests made that year in the nation. 6,578,133 were white and 2,697,539 were black. This gives us a percentage of 69.2% white and 28.4% black. If you go deeper into the numbers blacks made up 49.7% of all Murder and non-negligent manslaughter arrests while whites made up 48.0%. Now if we go look at the 2011 Census data whites make up 78.1% of the national population and blacks only make up 13.1%. So 13% of the country is creating half of the murders and almost 1/3rd of all crimes in America. in response to inthegrove72#700117: Good point! 90% of all African Americans that are murdered are murdered by other African Americans. What's the moral of this story? The cops are the least of your concerns. I have met the enemy and He is Me. It is what it is..... Most posters on here aren’t concerned about African-Americans killing their own race.  It has become so common place that they have become immune to it.  They much rather be concerned about the rare occasions when someone is shot by the police. in response to Machiavellian: Bubba is term derived from Southern racism directed toward African American men during the golden years of the South. Uneducated Blacks named their kids Bubba. If you saw the movie, Forrest was White, Bubba was African American. As far as racism, since most of us, whether Black or White, are from the South, it's very safe to assume we all are racists. But Black Men are liars because neither one of us has ever been threatened by law enforcement, it's all in our heads. No we got to be crazy to wonder how a White man can gun another man down in a hotel, kill a responding officer in cold blood and calculate the death of more officers and still live to see a trial. But every month, we hear about a young Black male shot to death because he pointed a dangerous vehicle at a police officer or he was asleep in a car, not bothering anyone end up dead at the hands of police officer. How about a White Man walks into a crowded theater and randomly kill a bunch of people and still live to tell his story.  Memphis police can take a page from this, but again, if it's Black, Kill at Will!!! Well if the fictional novel/film Forrest Gump is where you receive your historical knowledge from, I guess we are all in trouble. You might want to delve a little deeper into the historical origin of “Bubba” my friend. Anyway, I wanted to address a few points you made in this post. Have you ever heard the names Treveno Campbell or Edward Sample? Treveno Campbell is the man who murdered Officer Lang and then shot her partner. Edward Sample is the carjacking suspect who shot an MPD officer in Raleigh last spring. Do you know what common traits both of these men share? Both are black, both shot Memphis police officers, and both are still alive. And we don’t hear about MPD officers gunning down “a young Black male” every month. On average, there are about 5 police shootings resulting in death every year in our city, and not all of those are black males. So unless your yearly calendar only has 5 months on it, you’re wrong and your logic is inaccurate at best. And let me also address this point. What happened to Mr. Askew was a horrific tragedy, plain and simple. But those officers had a right to be in that apartment complex, and when they saw a man slumped over the steering wheel of a vehicle inside of that complex, they had every right to check on his well-being, private property or not. Last time I checked, MPD still respond to calls/crimes inside of apartment complexes. Perhaps the officers believed Mr. Askew was the victim of a crime, perhaps they believed he was under the influence, but for whatever reason, they had a right to check on him. Tragically for Mr. Askew, it sounds like a poor decision was made and his life was abruptly and sadly ended. But whether you are white, red, black, yellow, or brown, if you point, reach for, or make any sudden movement toward a firearm in the presence of a police officer, you will probably be shot. It is highly likely that Mr. Askew was startled and not thinking coherently, but these officers have a split second to make a decision and they reacted. It sounds like it was a bad decision, but not a wrong or unjustified one. Whether they verbally said “Police” or not, the fact that they were in uniform should have been a clear indicator of who they were. Also, 52% of the men and women serving our city as officers are black. The majority of the MPD leadership is black. I highly doubt these individuals would cover-up a racially motivated police shooting; especially when I am constantly reading news stories of officers arrested by their own brothers and sisters in blue for breaking the law. So lets just take this event for what it is, a tragedy on all ends. If there is anyone to blame, it is men like Treveno Campbell and Edward Sample, and all of the criminals in Memphis. And to all you racist a-holes…There is an abundance of white criminals and straight up white trash in this city. in response to inthegrove72#700117: Good point! 90% of all African Americans that are murdered are murdered by other African Americans. What's the moral of this story? The cops are the least of your concerns. I have met the enemy and He is Me. It is what it is..... Since you're pretty good at percents. What % of White Americans are killed by other White Americans? I'll wager that out of the 90% you quoted, most of them knew their killer. Of the killer killed because of some personal involvement. Which would strike more fear in a city, and is harder to prevent or solve, a serial killer/mass murderer on the loose in your city/community or gang bangers dispatching each other?Back in the day...I'd be willing to bet that a 100% of the killings blamed on the mob was white on white...what say you? This is a whole different ballgame.IMHO Mamba in response to RealisticMemphian: Most posters on here aren’t concerned about African-Americans killing their own race.  It has become so common place that they have become immune to it.  They much rather be concerned about the rare occasions when someone is shot by the police. The reason we aren't talking about black on black crime is because this thread is about a guy who was peacefully sleeping in his car and was shot and killed by two policemen.  This is the 2nd time recently we have had a citizen with no criminal record (why they report infractions that were "expunged" is puzzling) sleeping and bothering no one, only to be dead within a few seconds of police showing up.  There is something really, really wrong going on in Memphis. Want to participate in the conversation?  Become a subscriber today.  Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime.  Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories. Feels Like: 57° Humidity: 77% Precip: 100% Feels Like: 61° Humidity: 70% Precip: 97% Feels Like: 27° Humidity: 85% Precip: 50% Loading... Sign up now to play our March bracket challenge! Search Shelby County Schools employee salaries in our Data Center. See 24 hours of #HoopCity in just 5 minutes. Join us on Facebook for news and conversation throughout the day. Will one of Memphis' most promising students choose college or painting houses? 30th anniversary series on a tragedy that took 4 lives and changed many more How Steve Jobs got the liver he needed in Memphis Who is the best men's basketball player in University of Memphis history? David Porter grooms talent for Memphis music revival Get Storm Shield, our new weather radio app for iPhone and Android! Check out our "100 (More) Things to Eat in Memphis Before You Die." And the winners are...