1  Pulitzer Prize-winner Mark Konkol delivers the inside scoop.    See the faces of Chicago's violence.    Our morning video gets you up to speed on the news of Lincoln Park.   @tanveerali CHICAGO — A 34-year-old man died Thursday after being gunned down on a West Englewood porch, authorities said. Brian Cross was standing with two other people on a porch when the shooting occurred about 9:30 p.m. in the 6300 block of South Honore Street, police said. A man on foot approached the porch and fired multiple shots, wounding Cross and another man in his mid-30s, authorities said. Cross was pronounced dead at Stroger Hospital with multiple gunshot wounds including to his chest shortly after 10 p.m., according to the Cook County Medical Examiner's Office. The other man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he had injuries to his arm and leg that weren't life-threatening. No one is in custody for the shooting. Related Items Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Next in Crime & Mayhem Get Our Daily Englewood, Auburn Gresham & Chatham Newsletter Terms of Use |Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement  Even those who don't identify as Irish still enjoy St. Patrick's Day traditions in Chicago.  The Chamber of Commerce urged members to lobby politicians to end free at meters.  In Cook County courtrooms, mothers of slain children share in a journey of despair and triumph.  Construction on the ballpark, announced in 2012, has been delayed due to contaminated soil.  The community is looking for the man who damaged the museum's cherished lion statues.  The long neglected building was once the office of Oscar DePriest, the first black U.S. congressman.  Calumet Park police were chasing a van on the Dan Ryan when it exited at 87th Street and hit a vehicle.  The former bank was built during a "golden age" of bank architecture in the 1920s.  Owner Jessica Volpe, a staple of Green City Market, is heading to Los Angeles.  At the Bridgeport hot dog stand, "We like to mess around with people," the manager said.  Chicago Cards, magnetic-strip cards won't be sold after May 1, can't be reloaded after June 1.  Envisioning a busy sidewalk patio along Honore, the eatery will have a canvas canopy to cover patrons.  Neighbors said they would like to see police action at the hangout before the weather warms up.  "It turned out to be pretty cool," said the man who worked to digitally restore the film.  Punky's Pizza and Pasta, 2600 S. Wallace St., features gnocchi with vodka sauce, pizza dough wraps.  Architect Jeanne Gang is seeking landmark designation for the Polish National Alliance Building.  Copyright © 2009-2014, DNAinfo.com. All Rights Reserved.