1 Five children are without their father after another officer-involved shooting. Police say they were forced to shoot 35-year-old Vincent Jimenez after he tried to run them over with his car. The suspect's 6-year-old son was right next to him, in the passenger seat – something officers didn't know at the time. The child's family tells CBS5 he wasn't physically hurt, but he's traumatized from witnessing his father's violent death. "All he said he saw was blood," said Patricia Jaques, Jimenez's sister-in-law. "You can see in ihs little fingernails that he has blood from his dad. They didn't have to do that, ya know." Jaques said her nephew watched his father die after police shot the man in the driveway of his home on West Madison Street around 11:30 Monday night. "Vincent was a good man," she said. "He was a good father, a good brother-in-law." But, Phoenix Police said two officers were forced to fire when Jimenez rammed their truck while in reverse – and, then began accelerating toward one of them. "Anything that can cause serious physical injury and/or death to somebody is a dangerous instrument or a deadly weapon," said Phoenix Police Sgt. Trent Crump. "And that is what the officers are reacting to in this case." Officers suspected Jimenez of driving under the influence. They tell CBS5 he failed to pull over when officers first tried to stop him – resulting in a chase that led to his home where he crashed into a brick wall. Jaques said the victims in this case are Jimenez's five children – ranging in age from 17 to his 6-year-old son. "That child is going to be destroyed, ya know," she said. Crump said officers didn't know there was a child in the car at the time of the shooting and are thankful he wasn't hurt. He stressed their job is to protect the public – and Jimenez appeared to be a threat. "We expect them to enforce the law," Crump said. "We expect them to take somebody who has violated the law into custody. And when that individual now uses a vehicle against them - and their actions - that is why we have the result that we have." The two officers, who each have about 4 1/2 years on the force, are now on paid administrative leave pending an investigation – which is standard procedure with fatal, officer-involved shootings. Family members tell CBS5 the 6-year-old boy is now with his godfather – while the other four children are in the care of their grandmother. They said Jimenez was their primary caregiver because their mother is in prison. Copyright 2013 CBS 5 (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.