1 1 Akeiba Coler A third suspect has been arrested in connection to a Monday afternoon shooting death in Gray, the Terrebonne Sheriff's Office said. Akeiba Coler, 21, of 1541 Eagle Drive, Thibodaux, was charged Thursday morning with the second-degree murder of Delveore Nash, 19, of Schriever. She was taken to the Lafourche Parish jail and booked on a $250,000 bond. Blake Anderson, 21, 258 Sander St., Thibodaux, and Javonta Coler, 19, 1541 Eagle Drive, Thibodaux, were each booked with second-degree murder in connection with Nash's death. Both remained at the Terrebonne Parish jail on $1 million bonds. Akeiba is Javonta Coler's sister, Sheriff's Office Capt. Dawn Foret said. If convicted, the trio face a mandatory life sentence. Someone called 911 about 4:45 p.m. to report the shooting, Foret said. Deputies arrived to find Nash dead in the parking lot of the Bayou Bend apartment complex at Main and Charlotte streets. Nash was shot once in the back, Foret said. Foret declined to provide other specifics about the shooting, citing the ongoing nature of the investigation. She said detectives still need to speak to a number of people, who might be witnesses or potential suspects. Shortly after deputies arrived Monday, a scuffle broke out across from the crime scene. A man was thrown to the ground by another bystander and punched in the face. Police said the victim refused to press charges, and no other action was taken. At least 13 Sheriff's Office and State Police units were present, with many of the officers performing crowd control. Family members on the scene declined to speak about the shooting. Screams and sobs came from the crowd as deputies investigated. Screams and cries could also be heard from inside the apartment complex. One woman in the crowd said she knew Nash well and had heard from others that he'd been shot. “That's my son's friend right there,” said the woman, who asked that her name be withheld. “I was not here, but I had already heard they had shot him. I don't know what happened. All I know is they were beefing.” Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.