1 1 A 59-year-old Vietnam veteran was killed earlier this month when a group of men broke into his home near 51st Ave and Indian School Road. Police have now made several arrests in the case.  Four men are now behind bars, facing charges of murder, armed robbery, and kidnapping.  Our cameras were there as one of the suspects, Vincent Griego, was taken into custody near 11th Avenue and Apache. Police say that Griego, Ricardo Martinez, Rafael Machado, and David Ochoa are part of a violent home invasion crew. According to court paperwork, the suspects broke into the home and shot and killed 59-year-old Enrique Montes on Oct. 1. Carol Montes says she woke up to someone kicking in the bedroom door to her home. "That second kick opened the door and there was a shotgun in my face," said Carol, Enrique's widow.  Carol says her husband fought one man off then went to confront a second man who was in the hallway questioning their grandson about drugs. "My husband walked up, said 'I told you there's no drugs, no money,' that person right there turned, shot him once, and ran." Carol Montes says the day before the crime, Phoenix Police came to their home and warned them. "They just said they had a confidential informant in jail that said we would be a target of a home invasion. That Jamaicans lived here and there was 500 pounds of weed in the house. The only thing he said at the end is, 'well you might consider not staying here,' but they couldn't tell me supposedly when this home invasion would be." She didn't take it too seriously, because, "We're not Jamaican. None of us are Jamaican." Montes is now considering a lawsuit.  "We decided to stay. Unfortunately because of that my husband's dead... they should have posted people if they thought this was a credible threat." Investigators say the suspects targeted the home because they believed there were 10 pounds marijuana inside the house.  Montes' grandson has a medical marijuana card, and police seized the couple ounces he had when they came to warn the family. Statement by Phoenix Police The Phoenix Police Department is committed to the safety and protection of every member of our community. When the department became aware of possible criminal acts against the Montes family, immediate steps were taken to help them prevent this from occurring. Detectives from the Phoenix Police Department met with the Montes family and provided them with personal safety recommendations. The Phoenix Police Department made multiple arrests today in relation to this case.  We will continue to aggressively investigate this crime and hold those responsible accountable. Follow this story: Vietnam war veteran dies following Phoenix home invasion KSAZ-TV & KUTP511 W. Adams St.Phoenix, AZ 85003Phone: (602) 257-1234Fax: (602) 262-0177