1   iPhone |   Android |   iPad |   Windows |   Kindle Fire |   Storm Shield for iPhone and for Android    Digital access comes with your print subscription. Get activated and enjoy full access!   								 									Photo by WILLIAM DESHAZER // Buy this photo 							 							 								 							 William DeShazer/Staff A Lee County Sheriff's helicopter lands on US 41 in Ft. Myers on Friday Jan. 4, 2013. A man was shot and killed this morning after a shootout with deputies, according to the Lee County Sheriff's Office.   				  					  						  							LCSO  						  					  				  			 Joseph B. Powell LEE COUNTY — Lee County sheriff’s deputies shot and killed a 21-year-old man early Friday after a shootout in south Lee County. Joseph Blake Powell, of the 12700 block of Vista Pine Circle, Fort Myers, was killed shortly after 2 a.m., according to the Lee County Sheriff’s Office. Deputies initially responded to Cadillac Jack’s Bar & Grill on U.S. 41 near Island Park Road after several calls came in about a fight involving 25 to 50 people brewing in the parking lot, authorities said. One caller said a person had a gun. Another said shots were fired. As deputies approached the scene, they spotted a white sedan matching the description a caller provided, the Sheriff’s Office reported. Deputies pulled it over just south of the intersection of U.S. 41 and Alico Road. Powell, who was a passenger in the sedan, exited the vehicle armed with a pistol and ran north behind a nearby pharmacy, reports said. As he ran Powell opened fire at deputies, Sheriff  a.inline_topic:hover { 	background-color: #EAEAEA; } Mike Scott said at a news conference. Deputies returned fire and killed Powell. No deputies or bystanders were injured. “Bottom line is the driver complied. The driver doesn’t have a scratch on his body, a hair out of place,” Scott said. “The passenger got out of the car, starts firing and he’s dead. There’s a moral to that story. The moral is, don’t point a gun at a deputy sheriff. “Deadly force will be met with deadly force, every time.” Scott didn’t elaborate on how many deputies were involved in the shooting, but said “multiple” deputies responded to the scene. They are currently on paid leave and their weapons are being examined for ballistics and other evidence, Scott said. Southbound traffic on U.S. 41 was detoured to Alico Road on Friday morning. It’s unclear if the driver, whose name was not released, will also face charges. Autopsy results will reveal if Powell was intoxicated. “I’m just grateful we aren’t talking about a dead deputy,” Scott said. “These guys faced a violent encounter that was unacceptable. ... Imagine if something had broken out inside the club.” Erik Lebsack, the owner of Cadillac Jack’s, said he had no idea who started the fight or why it started. “It’s a family-owned business. We employee 25 to 30 people in Lee County and certainly don’t want people to think that was a usual occurrence,” Lebsack said about the parking lot fight and the shooting down the road. “We’ve never had anything like that before, and hopefully never will again.” Lebsack said he doesn’t plan to add additional security or change the way they monitor crowds. “We didn’t have any disturbances inside,” Lebsack said. “All night was perfectly calm. No pushing, no shoving, no nothing. ... The six bouncers we had on staff worked just fine and were doing what they were supposed to be doing. Again, the actual shooting didn’t happen in our bar or our parking lot.” In 2012 there were six deputy-involved shootings in Lee County, one of which involved a man who pointed an AK-47 at deputies. This shooting marks the first in 2013. Powell had a lengthy rap sheet, according to Sheriff’s Office records. His nine previous felony arrests included armed burglary, aggravated assault with a deadly weapon without intent to kill as a minor and robbery. At 17, Powell was sentenced to 36 months incarceration followed by 36 months of probation for robbery with a weapon and first degree burglary. Sheriff’s Office records indicate he violated that probation. “We have a young man and in that young span of life, he had a history of violence,” Scott said. “He lived by the sword, apparently, and he died by the sword.” NBC-2 report.  				 				© 2013 Naples Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.  				  Never a good outcome when one points a gun at a law enforcement officer....... A good guy with a gun takes out a bad guy with a gun, works for me! It sounds like the perp got what he deserved. Glad the officer is okay. Sandy Parrot? Another bandido shot, a future taxpayer gone by. Not sure what the need is to disrupt all of society by closing the road, but seems consisten with gestapo tactics. in response to Rummm: Never a good outcome when one points a gun at a law enforcement officer....... It's called suicide! in response to Patriot_1: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) What makes you think that someone pointing a gun at police officers owns the gun legally or would comply with any gun laws? in response to QueBonita: Sandy Parrot? According to NBC-2, the fight started at a bar called Cadillac Jacks.  This used to be the former Spectators Sports Bar and Ale Mary's Bar & Grille on the corner of US 41 & Island Park Rd in the plaza where the Goodwill and 7-11 is. in response to Patriot_1: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) Such as??? What possible controls are going to keep a gun out of a criminal's hand?  The most gun controls will do is keep them out of honest citizens hands. This suspect's criminal record implies he was already a convicted felon and it was already a crime for him to possess a firearm. That seems to have really been an  effective deterrent... in response to QueBonita: Sandy Parrot? no a little north of there. in response to Patriot_1: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) Really? Those of us that obey laws and gun laws know that you can't take it to a bar and most importantly, know better than to point it and shoot at police officers. Any idiot who would break these laws, probably didn't legally own this gun. Hmmmmm...they've been up there tearng that intersection apart since the early AM. Are they having trouble locating the [alleged] weapon used? Wouldn't surprise me in the least of the cowboys shot & killed another innocent person. Just so all of you libs out there know, it is no coincidence that almost EVERY person shot by police have a mug shot on file for use in the story of their death... in response to djd: What makes you think that someone pointing a gun at police officers owns the gun legally or would comply with any gun laws? I believe that the point was because there are so many more guns of all kinds around, so many more than any other time, incidents like this are more likely to happen---whether the gun was obtained legally OR illegally. Simple math and the probablity of statistics.  How can that concept be denied--I don't believe that anything was said about taking guns away, but the automatic NRA style rebuttals kick in quickly.  The original statement is accurate. in response to Captian_Cataracts: Hmmmmm...they've been up there tearng that intersection apart since the early AM. Are they having trouble locating the [alleged] weapon used? Wouldn't surprise me in the least of the cowboys shot & killed another innocent person. You make it sound like you live in Syria or Iran--the police  deserve a better public image than this. Does it have to take a 9/11 type incident for these public servants to earn a positive attitude among some of the public?  No, we don't have any police officers in our family. Maybe those who take an opposite opinion are not exactly pure as the driven snow as the saying goes.  Support your local police. Word on the street is this kid did NOT have a gun. It will be interesting to see if a gun was recovered. dirtbag. Go to Lee Sheriff arests. guy should have been in prison in response to SWFLUSMC: Just so all of you libs out there know, it is no coincidence that almost EVERY person shot by police have a mug shot on file for use in the story of their death... And just so you Nazis known almost everyone in Florida under 25 has a mug shot on file because the COPS arrest anyone & everyone no matter how trumped up the charges are. WHY you ask? Because they make a fortune on overtime pay going to court is why. They get dragged into depositions etc. & they get paid for every minute they are 'working'. in response to Captian_Cataracts: And just so you Nazis known almost everyone in Florida under 25 has a mug shot on file because the COPS arrest anyone & everyone no matter how trumped up the charges are. WHY you ask? Because they make a fortune on overtime pay going to court is why. They get dragged into depositions etc. & they get paid for every minute they are 'working'. You got that right! two weapons convictions. Guess 10-20-life, really doesn't apply. Plus even violation of probation summer of 2012 and still no prison. A final sentence has now been issued. Good job LCSO in response to WeThePeople2016: You make it sound like you live in Syria or Iran--the police  deserve a better public image than this. Does it have to take a 9/11 type incident for these public servants to earn a positive attitude among some of the public?  No, we don't have any police officers in our family. Maybe those who take an opposite opinion are not exactly pure as the driven snow as the saying goes.  Support your local police. If they want to project a positive image maybe they ought to spend a few minutes re-reading the Bill of Rights & the Constitution. Maybe they ought not go around pulling over vehicles on nogus stops & then tearing the insides of the vehicle to shreads looking for something that doesn't isn't in the vehicle. Maybe they ought to consider that this incident was a 'disturbance' & employing deadly force over a fist fight if going way too far. And where is the alleged gun used in this incident eh? How come the scene is still locked down? Can't find a weapon? Tell us what type of gun they have found?   Could it be that they can't find a gun, the reason for the road closure???? One less criminals on street now! Thank you officers. in response to naples50: two weapons convictions. Guess 10-20-life, really doesn't apply. Plus even violation of probation summer of 2012 and still no prison. A final sentence has now been issued. Good job LCSO Its disgusting.  The only gun laws the Government wants to enforce is on law-abiding gun owners. in response to Captian_Cataracts: If they want to project a positive image maybe they ought to spend a few minutes re-reading the Bill of Rights & the Constitution. Maybe they ought not go around pulling over vehicles on nogus stops & then tearing the insides of the vehicle to shreads looking for something that doesn't isn't in the vehicle. Maybe they ought to consider that this incident was a 'disturbance' & employing deadly force over a fist fight if going way too far. And where is the alleged gun used in this incident eh? How come the scene is still locked down? Can't find a weapon? or could be the have to locate all round fired by both officer and convicted felon and determine which weapon fired angle of fried and so forth. He was picked up this summer for violation of probation under the Widman Act. So we have even passed laws to keep dangerous people like this off the street, yet he was on the street. In my role as a tough guy,...'you punk anus moron trouble maker, adios,...likely rap sheet like roll of toilet paper'...cops got a tough job, ..never know what kind of ahole pops out from under rock...guns blazing... in response to naples50: two weapons convictions. Guess 10-20-life, really doesn't apply. Plus even violation of probation summer of 2012 and still no prison. A final sentence has now been issued. Good job LCSO agree. lefty liberal revolving door prisons, and this is what society gets. just another thug we all pay for. in response to Captian_Cataracts: And just so you Nazis known almost everyone in Florida under 25 has a mug shot on file because the COPS arrest anyone & everyone no matter how trumped up the charges are. WHY you ask? Because they make a fortune on overtime pay going to court is why. They get dragged into depositions etc. & they get paid for every minute they are 'working'. I've got a 22-year old son and a 19-year old daughter who have never been in trouble with the law.  I guess I'm just a proactive parent who raised my kids right. What kind of training did that deputy get?  Shooting at a fleeing suspect in a crowded RV park at night isn't the smartest thing I've heard of. Story doesn't sound right.Flee the seen; get chased by officers; leave your vehicle (w/gun in hand); run behind building; open fire on police.Well, if it's true...the gun killed him."GUNS SAVE LIVES!!"Regardless if it's true...he had a gun. If he didn't, he'd be hangin' over in jail, or bonded out by friends or family. He'd be alive.Must have bought it for self protection? Isn't that why many purchase guns? So he thought to protect himself from the organization that is appointed to protect those who cannot protect themselves. Maybe that's where the alcohol comes in.?.?.? Bad combo. I would not want to be a Police Officer in today's world. The mental anguish from one day on the job has got to be similar to what soldiers go through in combat. OK, multiplied; but it all add's up & it's all relative. in response to tiedyeted: What kind of training did that deputy get?  Shooting at a fleeing suspect in a crowded RV park at night isn't the smartest thing I've heard of. I guess you missed the whole thing about the suspect fleeing the car with a gun and then shooting at the officers. in response to Captian_Cataracts: Hmmmmm...they've been up there tearng that intersection apart since the early AM. Are they having trouble locating the [alleged] weapon used? Wouldn't surprise me in the least of the cowboys shot & killed another innocent person. "Wouldn't surprise me in the least of the cowboys shot & killed another innocent person." Yes, you can tell by his mugshot, that he was just an innocent, taxpaying, pillar of society, who was just minding his own business. Btw, arrest records show that this pos has done time in prison for burglary and robbery. Captain, You may want to go to the eye doctor and have your cataracts removed. Then you'll be able to see the light. in response to Patriot_1: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) You are entitled to your opinion, but not your own facts. This guy was a convicted felon. He was in possession of a gun illegally. Since he chose to carry a gun as a convicted felon, he violated the law. Then he fled the scene, so another law broken. Then he chose to flee from police officers as they pulled the vehicle over, another law broken. Then he (according to the story) shot at officers, yet another law broken. What law would have prevented this? Clearly this guy does not follow the law. You state that sooner or later people who carry guns are going to become drunk, angry and lose control. Ok, where did you get this information? I know many concealed permit holders (eight to be exact) and not one of them has ever gotten drunk or angry in front of me, nor have any of them been arrested to my knowledge. Some are retired military, some are police officers and some are just plain law abiding citizens. I have owned guns my entire life and I have never been arrested. I have however had to pull a gun on a group of people trying to rob my father and me. “Most NRA members agree there needs to be responsible controls on firearms.” Where did you get that information? There are already responsible controls on firearms. I do not know of any NRA member wanting more laws that are ineffective. As a member of the NRA, I wish for the arrest and conviction of those that break the law, including those that commit gun violations. Not one NRA member I know wants more useless laws on the books that will only be followed by responsible gun owners and completely ignored by the criminals. You seem to be under the delusion there is a magic law that will stop criminals from using guns. in response to Captian_Cataracts: And just so you Nazis known almost everyone in Florida under 25 has a mug shot on file because the COPS arrest anyone & everyone no matter how trumped up the charges are. WHY you ask? Because they make a fortune on overtime pay going to court is why. They get dragged into depositions etc. & they get paid for every minute they are 'working'. The vast majority of cases are plea bargained and never make it to court you braniac!  None of my under 25 friends have mug shots....what are the odds that you do? in response to Captian_Cataracts: And just so you Nazis known almost everyone in Florida under 25 has a mug shot on file because the COPS arrest anyone & everyone no matter how trumped up the charges are. WHY you ask? Because they make a fortune on overtime pay going to court is why. They get dragged into depositions etc. & they get paid for every minute they are 'working'. Ding Ding Ding.......We have a winner ! The most spot on post here ! in response to Leon: The vast majority of cases are plea bargained and never make it to court you braniac!  None of my under 25 friends have mug shots....what are the odds that you do? Please feel free to correct me if I am wrong, but isn't the mugshot taken after one is arrested, when one arrives at the jail for booking? The mugshot then exists whether the individual is deemed innocent, proven guilty, plea bargains or whatever...  I am aware of a handful of people under 25 (many more that are over) that have had mugshots taken yet have no convictions. Actually some (a very small number) have been completely innocent. But NO I am not of the mindset that police arrest anyone and everyone. In 30+ years of living here, I can attest to a FEW instances where the arrested party has been completely innocent. Innocent by no means implies that they were making the wisest decisions of where they were, who they were with - wrong place, wrong time but that's completely on them. I say dig a hole just like any other road kill and burry the thug in that same hole. Safe us the money in having to probably use tax payers money cause no one is going to claim this dead beat thug anyways. I am reminded of the man is NYC who shot at police and, in return, was shot 68 times. When asked why he was shot 68 times, the police Sgt on the scene said "because we ran out of bullets". Racist cops are always killing young men of color. The same is true for Latinos, gays, the mentally ill and other persecuted minorities. Nazis are trampling on our constitutional rights. What if this unfortunate young man only spoke Spanish and didn't understand the law? Or what if he had family problems and a low IQ, plus alcohol and drug dependency, does that justify killing him? Maybe now the cops will kill everyone who flees the scene of a crime and fires a pistol while trying to get away. Kiss your freedom goodbye, folks. SACWW, shooting at cops while white, is the newest kind of racial profiling, intended to hide the fact that this violence is really directed towards the minority community. I can see right through this. in response to FWCO: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) So when does a week go by when one of them isn't being fired or suspended for their misdeeds? I have nothing to fear, but have disdain for those who violate public trust.There's sure been a lot of that lately ! Whatever happened to 3 strikes and you're out? Open carry for Legal and Respectable citizens I say !  Then lets see what kind of balls these criminals have !  And what about the the morals and upbringing of modern society ??? we are on a moral decline !  at least the threat of being killed if you want to go off the edge would be a deterent ! So if this happened at 2:00am Then why did the helicopter need to land there during the day ? What was it's purpose? It was needed for?It's usually flying up and down the beach checking out the girls.Why were so many there just standing around doing nothing for so long?It appears to be a management problem or lack of. in response to left_in_the_right_lane_on_goodlette: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) ???  I guess I'm not on the same planet as you! in response to Captian_Cataracts: Hmmmmm...they've been up there tearng that intersection apart since the early AM. Are they having trouble locating the [alleged] weapon used? Wouldn't surprise me in the least of the cowboys shot & killed another innocent person. Give it a BREAK.  The cops did their job. I get mixed messages--police that are always arresting "innocent people" and also how criminals are being coddled by the courts, repeat offenders, etc. Maybe parents whose kids get arrested and friends think that the offense "wasn't that bad".  Just a thought--there could not be trumped up charges if there were not charges to begin with.  Also, Florida, like Texas, do not sound like states that are lenient on crime. I thought it was just the northern liberals who did this. p.s.  there better be a gun found--why not found right away--he couldn't hide too well after he got shot in response to Klaatu: So if this happened at 2:00am Then why did the helicopter need to land there during the day ? What was it's purpose? It was needed for?It's usually flying up and down the beach checking out the girls.Why were so many there just standing around doing nothing for so long?It appears to be a management problem or lack of. You beat me to it. I was thinking the same thing about the helicopter in the middle of the road clearly at least 6 hours after the altercation. in response to FWCO: (This comment was removed by the site staff.) Waste of manpower and resources !Lack of crime scene management appears no one's in control ! Something must be terribly wrong!  Working extra hard possibly trying find a weapon that never existed.Seems  suspicious. As they have violated public trust time and time again! get it ????? Want to participate in the conversation?  Become a subscriber today.  Subscribers can read and comment on any story, anytime.  Non-subscribers will only be able to view comments on select stories. Feels Like: 66° Humidity: 81% Precip: 6% Feels Like: 85° Humidity: 51% Precip: 7% Feels Like: 74° Humidity: 79% Precip: 13% Loading... Share your St. Patty's Day parade photos with naplesnews.com. Two sushi lovers go looking for the best in the 239. Where's your favorite sushi place? New capital bureau blog focuses on Florida politics. Get state legislature updates FGCU men rally in second half, but come up short to Mercer in A-Sun title game. Our countdown of the top 18 best golf holes in Southwest Florida. See videos » Search local TV listings and set up reminders for your favorite shows. Enter our college basketball contest and you could win $1,000,000 cash prize. Your source for what's happening in Southwest Florida. Development and construction industry news in Southwest Florida.