1 1 Celebrities With Crazy Hairstyles Stars Who Had Children Via Surrogates The Biggest Nerds In Pop Culture 10 Celebrity Cougars Sober Celebrity Quotes Â» More Photo Galleries BALTIMORE (WJZ) — A community is in shock as a young couple is shot and killed as their daughter sleeps in the next room of their Pigtown home. The suspected gunman is now in police custody. Rochelle Ritchie explains friends say the couple had issues with that suspect. Baltimore City Police say two other people were also shot at the home and they remain in the hospital. Meghan Kerrigan, 22, and her boyfriend, William Monroe, are dead after Baltimore City police say they were gunned down inside their home on South Carey Street early Tuesday morning. “That individual targeted that location. That individual targeted those victims,” said Deputy Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez. Melville Mason, 35, is accused of firing those fatal shots that killed the parents of a 12-month-old girl. “Kinda messed up,” said a neighbor. Friends showing up at the crime scene are heartbroken as they learned of the deaths. “This ain’t real right now to me. I just seen her yesterday and gave her a hug and a kiss on her forehead and now she’s laying in that house,” said a friend, identified only as Kayla. Police say Mason broke into the home through a window Tuesday morning, shooting four people, including Kerrigan and Monroe. Baltimore City police say this was no random shooting. In fact, friends say the victims and the suspect had a run-in prior to the shooting. “They was telling me the night before around 11 o’clock their neighbor had gotten drunk and come past and was getting mouthy with them,” said a friend, identified only as Matt. WJZ found Mason had a lengthy criminal history, involving several charges of assault, forgery and drugs. “We have that person in custody and we’re building the case,” Rodriguez said. Devastated friends say while the deaths of Kerrigan and Monroe are sad, their daughter growing up without her parents is senseless. The two people who remain in the hospital are listed in serious and critical condition. The child home at the time of the shooting was not hurt.   					Restaurants 					Bars & Clubs 					Shopping 					Professional Services 					Search Listings 				 ©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved.