1 David Hawthorne, who played a key role in historic downtown's redevelopment, was discovered dead Jan. 17 at a South Pasadena condominium. Pinellas County sheriff's deputies who were called to check on Hawthorne's welfare found the 62-year-old's body shortly before 11 a.m., sheriff's spokeswoman Cecilia Barreda said. He died from a gunshot wound that appeared to be self-inflicted, she said. Hawthorne was born and raised in the eastern Hillsborough County community of Knights on a farm his ancestors homesteaded in the 1840s. He graduated from Plant City High School. "I left to go make my fortune as soon as I got out of the Army," he told a reporter in 2006. He worked in the investment field turning around troubled companies before he returned to Plant City in about 1996. With his wife Vicki, Hawthorne started buying and renovating decades-old downtown buildings, including his premier property, Olde Village Shoppes. Joe Grimes, owner of Your Family Jeweler, credits the Hawthornes with getting his business going by renting him space in the Olde Village Shoppes. "They are really the ones who gave me the start. I have to thank them for the opportunity," he said. "They are the ones who gave me the encouragement." Hawthorne had a taste for exotic watches and fine wine, and the two occasionally socialized, Grimes said. Hawthorne would regularly bring in his watches for repair, Grimes said. Hawthorne renovated at least a dozen buildings, some built in the early 1900s. Hawthorne helped jumpstart a downtown redevelopment effort that had languished for years. "He was one of the leaders of making things happen downtown," Mayor Mike Sparkman said. He had some setbacks in recent years, including a 2005 arson fire that destroyed nearly a block of historic downtown buildings, including the Olde Village Shoppes. A former Hawthorne employee pleaded guilty to sparking the blaze, which followed her fight with an ex-boyfriend who lived in one of the buildings. At the time of his death, Hawthorne was facing a foreclosure lawsuit, a breach of contract suit and a divorce, according to Hillsborough County court records. He owed about $2,500 in back taxes for property he owned at 307 W. Cherry St., according to tax records. Sparkman said he thinks the economic downturn hurt Hawthorne and his finances. Hawthorne was once a high profile businessman, but Sparkman said he hadn't seen him in at least six months. "It's a sad situation but I like to remember the good times he had and what he did for Plant City," Sparkman said. "He did a lot for Plant City." Grimes, who relocated to 1701 S. Alexander St., Suite 102 after the 2005 fire, said he last saw Hawthorne about four or five months ago. Hawthorne said he was moving to a beachfront condominium he owned in Pinellas County, Grimes said. "He said he was leaving Plant City and moving to the beach to start over again," he said. "That was the last time I saw him. It's hard for me think he's gone. It's sad."  dnicholson@tampatrib.com (813) 394-5103         