1 Gabe Hernandez Mission police investigators collect evidence from a vehicle they believe was used in a fatal home invasion and kidnapping Saturday Dec. 22, 2012, in Mission. photo by Gabe Hernandez/gabrielh@themonitor.com Jacqueline Armendariz | Twitter: @jarmendariz — Jacqueline Armendariz covers law enforcement, courts and general assignments for The Monitor. She can be reached at jarmendariz@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4434. | Updated Dec 23, 2012   MISSION — Drug connections played a role in a fatal home invasion and kidnapping that led to an almost eight-hour manhunt Saturday.  Mission Police Chief Martin Garza said Jorge Bruno Ruiz, 28; Erick Gomez Torres, 19 and Carlos Adrian Olvera, 21, have been identified as suspects in the fatal shooting that took place at about 3:30 a.m. Saturday.  The men remain at-large and all three are from the Mission area.  Gomez and Olvera are believed to be brothers-in-law. Arrest warrants for capital murder and aggravated kidnapping have been issued for the men, Garza said.  The chief identified the victim found shot multiple times as 27-year-old Rodrigo Olvera, a McAllen resident originally from Gustavo Diaz Ordaz, Tamps., Mex. He was visiting the house on the 1200 block of West 24th Place during a party, Garza said. An autopsy must still determine how many times he was shot.  The homeowner — who was kidnapped at gunpoint but later found alive — is Miguel Angel Rodriguez, the chief said.  “We still don’t know the specific motive behind the home invasion,” Garza said. “However, the individuals identified in the investigation have a background dealing with narcotics.”  Police determined the kidnapping victim and the brother of the man shot to death both had active warrants from the Starr County High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area task force, Garza said. They were wanted for possession of marijuana.  Police said earlier Saturday morning that they had arrested one man near the abandoned suspect’s vehicle, but he was cleared of any connection to the crime later in the day, Garza said. POLICE RESPONSE  Two men entered the Mission home early Saturday morning carrying long rifles, according to witnesses. It is believed another two men waited inside the getaway car, a white Ford Explorer.  About 45 minutes later, the Hidalgo County Sheriff’s Office and Edinburg police responded to a call of shots fired in the area of Monte Cristo and Conway Road. There they found the suspects’ car, about 10 miles from the home where the abduction took place.  Authorities found the victim tied up inside the SUV, left behind as the men tried to escape. They also found the long rifle nearby that they believed was used in the fatal shooting, Garza said.  The same type of ammunition recovered from the crime scene was found in a home tied to one of the suspects, Garza said. Police searched several residences and found the ammo and 15 pounds of marijuana inside the Mission apartment of Eric Gomez’s mother. MANHUNT ENDS  Mission police, Border Patrol, the Texas Department of Public Safety and the Hidalgo County Sheriff’s Office continued the search for the three suspects in northwest Mission well into Saturday.  Garza said tracking dogs from the Texas Department of Corrections were focused on the area bordered by Inspiration Road, Mile 7 Road and Conway Road. A Border Patrol helicopter was also deployed.  The search was called off, ending near 7 Mile Line and Moorefield Road, after seven and a half hours.  Garza also said police caught another man they believe is connected to the crime after a car chase at about 10:45 a.m. Saturday. Authorities suspect he was trying to coordinate with the suspects via cell phone in order to pick them up in the area.  The man, whose name was not released Saturday, was wanted by the McAllen Police Department for auto theft. QUIET NEIGHBORHOOD  The scene in the neighborhood near Ferguson and Los Ebanos roads was almost tranquil Saturday, save for the two Mission police cruisers and yellow crime scene tape still in place hours after the deadly shooting.  Maria Gomez has lived just down the street from the site of the abduction for 20 years.  The elderly woman watered her lawn Saturday, shocked to learn a fatal shooting and a kidnapping had occurred earlier. She said she woke up at about 4 a.m. to see police lights everywhere, but at first she assumed it was a medical call for an elderly neighbor.  Gomez said neighbors generally keep to themselves, and she didn’t know who lived in the home.  “I don’t get into other people’s business to avoid problems,” she said.  --  Jacqueline Armendariz covers law enforcement, courts and general assignments for The Monitor. She can be reached at jarmendariz@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4434.   -- If you have information on this crime, please contact Mission Crime Stoppers at (956) 581-8477. Gabe Hernandez Mission police investigators collect evidence from a vehicle they believe was used in a fatal home invasion and kidnapping Saturday Dec. 22, 2012, in Mission. photo by Gabe Hernandez/gabrielh@themonitor.com     			Username or Email  			   			Password  			 Signing in from multiple locations may be the cause.   			Username or Email  			   			Password  			