1 1 Two suspects are facing charges in a shooting on Erie Street in Jackson that left one person dead and another injured Tuesday. According to the Hinds County Sheriff's Office, Cadarro Taylor, 17, and Lashaun Taylor, 27, turned themselves in around 11:30 a.m. Wednesday. They were then released to the Jackson Police Department.  Jackson police have identified the deceased victim as 34-year-old Craig Spivey. The second victim, Eric Lindsey, is listed in stable condition, according to officer Colendula Green with the Jackson Police Department. Hinds County Supervisor Kenneth Stokes oversees the Hinds County District 5 area, which is known to many as Georgetown. Stokes says witnesses in the neighborhood told him the shooting started when Spivey and Lindsey allegedly jumped out of a truck and started firing rounds at a house at 422 Erie St. "The two young men came over here in a truck. The truck left them and they started shooting at the two people at this house behind me," Stokes said. "And when they started shooting they ran out of bullets. And the house they were shooting at with the people had their guns and they chased them down and they killed them." Police said Tuesday night that warrants for aggravated assault and murder were issued for Cadarro Taylor and Lashaun Taylor. Green also said a search warrant was issued at 1042 Deryll St., but it's unclear how that search is related to the case at this time. Officers responded to Erie Street in reference to a shooting around 11:45 a.m. Tuesday and found two people suffering from gunshot wounds, Green said. One of the victims was found in the back yard of a residence on Erie Street. Both were transported to the hospital. Officers blocked off Erie and Palmyra streets shortly after the shooting Tuesday afternoon. Police reportedly found two handguns and placed at least 25 shell casing markers at the scene. Witnesses say they saw two males shooting at each other on Erie Street and then turned onto Palmyra Street and continued shooting. One witness said he heard shooting and came out of his house to see a scene like the "wild wild west." "Whenever you bring guns into the equation with a young person, you are talking about death. And that's why we are fighting so hard to keep the guns out of Jackson, Mississippi and out of the state of Mississippi because it's always going to be a sad commentary. Someone's going to be dead," Stokes said.  Supervisor Stokes says he is planning a community meeting for later in the week so residents who have questions about the murder can get answers. He says he hopes this will calm some of their fears. Copyright 2013 MSNewsNow. All rights reserved.   			715 South Jefferson Street  			Jackson, Mississippi  39201  			(601) 948-3333WLBT FCC Public Filepublicfile@wlbt.com  			601-948-3333EEO ReportClosed Captioning  			WDBD FCC Public Filepublicfile@fox40tv.com  			601-983-3731EEO ReportClosed Captioning  			