1 1   			 89° F A gym instructor is dead and his killer and another person are on the loose after a shooting at Crossfit Mosaic gym in Winter Garden Monday evening. According to police, the victim was a Crossfit class instructor leading a class of eight people Monday evening. At about 6:45 p.m., a gunman walked in and opened fire during the class, killing the man. There seems to be no doubt that the victim was the intended target, said Lt. Scott Allen, spokesman for the Winter Garden police Department. No one else was injured in the shooting. One class participant tried to chase the gunman, but the suspect got away, Allen said. Authorities said the gunman was wearing a hat and sunglasses but weren't able to provide the suspects name or say if any of the witnesses recognized the man. He escaped in a getaway car driven by a second suspect, who police are searching for as well. Police did not have a description of the vehicle Monday night. The gym is in the 900 block of Carter Road near State Road 429 and West Colonial Drive. It has been open since March 16, according to the gym's website. More than two dozen people milled through the parking lot of the crossfit gym that set up shop at the end of a row of units in a warehouse district in Winter Garden. Many were friends of the owner of the gym or those in the class. Many people could be seen sitting on the asphalt parking lot and others were leaning against cars embracing one another. The silence in the parking lot was broken only by the drone from the engines of police vehicles coupled with the occasional cry of anguish from the victim's friends who were overwhelmed by grief. "They're all pretty upset," Allen said. "They all cared for this victim... and they're having a difficult time dealing with it." None of them were willing to speak with media following the shooting. Investigators remained on scene into early Tuesday morning searching the area in hopes of finding evidence that could lead them to a killer. The other businesses that were in the area had all closed for the night and the few homes nearby were dark, as the crossfit class participants waited for police to clear the scene so they could get their personal items from inside the gym. dstennett@tribune.com or 407-420-5447