1 HAMPTON — A Hampton judge certified murder charges Thursday against a man charged with shooting two men to death in January. Rahmeal Latrey Perry, 18, of Hampton, is charged with two counts of murder and two counts of use of a firearm in commission of a felony in connection to the deaths of Joseph Lee McQueen, 30, of Hampton, and Clifton Kareem Christian, 24, of Norfolk. The men were shot about 2 a.m. on Jan. 19 outside White Oak Lodge, in the 3500 block of Kecoughtan Road. Perry turned himself in to police in March, shortly after police identified him as a suspect. Marcus Bullock, a childhood friend of Christian, said the three had gone to a social gathering in downtown Newport News before they headed to White Oak Lodge. Bullock, of Norfolk, said it was McQueen's idea to go to the lodge and that this was the first time he had met McQueen. Once there, Bullock said he and McQueen entered the lodge. Bullock said he went in briefly to use the restroom and then returned to his car. Bullock said the two were only inside the lodge between 5 and 10 minutes. Once back outside the lodge, Bullock testified that McQueen and Perry got into a "heated argument." "Perry started raising his voice, saying, 'I'm from Park Place — we don't have that [expletive]. We're not going for that [expletive],' " Bullock testified. Christian walked between the two men as they were arguing, telling them, "it's all good, no problems." Then the gunshots started. "The defendant actually opened fire on both Mr. McQueen and my good friend … I saw flashes. I heard rounds," Bullock said. Defense attorney Corry Smith asked Bullock if he recalled telling police that McQueen and Perry's conversation "could have been gang language." Bullock said he couldn't recall exactly what he told police, but that he had told the truth during his interview with them after the homicides. Smith pressed Bullock about why they had gone to the lodge. "Do you know if they were at White Oak to sell or buy drugs?" she asked. "No, ma'am," Bullock said. The charges against Perry were certified to Circuit Court, with the next hearing date scheduled for August.