1 1   By Jessica Onsurez   jonsurez@currentargus.com CARLSBAD >> A 61-year-old man is dead after an early-morning encounter Wednesday with Carlsbad police.   Police said in a press release that officers responded to a disturbance on the 3800 block of Fleetwood Street, where they found the man armed with a gun.   Neighbors, who identified the victim as Hector Leija, a father, husband, and grandfather, said they heard several shots fired during the early-morning incident.   A neighbor of the victim, who asked not to be identified, said she woke up around 12:25 a.m. to the sound of gunfire. "It sounded like they were shooting at a mob boss or something," she said.   At first, her husband thought at first it was someone knocking on the door.   "My son went outside and returned to the house and told us it smelled like gunpowder out there," she said. "Then my other kids went out. The cops told them to get inside or drop to the ground.   "From the sounds of the gunshots, to me, it sounded like excessive force."   Damon Crittendon, another neighbor, said he heard between 12 and 15 shots. Crittendon, whose residence is located only a few feet from the crime scene, said he was terrified when he realized he was hearing gunfire. He said when he woke to the sound of shots, he retrieved his personal weapon and went outside to defend his family.   Once outside, Crittendon saw five officers with guns drawn, pointing in the direction of Leija's front porch. The officers told Crittendon to go back inside his house.   Crittendon said he understands CPD officers were defending themselves, but he feels for Leija's family. "I don't think they did wrong," Crittendon said. "He [Leija] came out and made a bad decision."   Terry Cunningham was returning home at approximately 1 a.m. Wednesday morning and said she could smell gunpowder in the air. According to Cunningham the victim and his family were good neighbors who kept to themselves and always had children visiting.   The New Mexico State Police Criminal Investigation Division arrived Wednesday morning to conduct an investigation.   Sgt. Emmanuel Gutierrez of the NM State Police Department said the investigation will be treated as a homicide investigation. A complete report will be forwarded to the district attorney and the grand jury for review.   The officers involved have been placed on paid administrative leave until the investigation is concluded.   No officers were injured during the incident.   The incident was the second fatal officer-involved shooting this year.   In March, a warrant sweep by the Pecos Valley Drug Task Force resulted in the shooting death of Wesley Davis at the Carlsbad Motel 6.