1 1 2:44 p.m. CDT, August 20, 2013 Shootings left four men dead and at least 15 others wounded from early Saturday afternoon to Sunday afternoon, according to authorities. In the most recent shooting, about 1:55 p.m. Sunday in the 4300 block of West Flournoy Street, a 40-year-old man was shot in the head, according to police News Affairs Officer Daniel O'Brien. The victim was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition, according to O'Brien. Earlier at 4:35 a.m. Sunday morning, a man was killed and three women shot near the intersections of Springfield and Wilcox avenues in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side. The man, 24, was dead on arrival at Mount Sinai Hospital after suffering a shot to the chest, police said. He was later identified by the Cook County medical examiner's office as Jeremy McGrone, of the 1800 block of Sawyer Avenue. One of the women, 21, was in serious-to-critical condition at Mt. Sinai after being shot in the chest and back. Another woman, 23, had her condition stabilized at Mount Sinai after being shot in both feet, and the third woman, 20, suffered a graze wound and refused transport to a hospital. Additional details about the circumstances surrounding that shooting weren't immediately available. The dead man, identified as 18-year-old Daquan Boyd by family members, fell in an alley trying to escape after being shot. He died there. The other man, also 18, was shot in the side and taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County. The pair were outside of an apartment on Parkside when two young men on bikes drove up and opened fire before fleeing on their bikes. The attack happened about 11:30 p.m., Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Ron Gaines said. About 11:50 p.m. Saturday, a 19-year-old man was shot to death in the 800 block of South Lawndale Avenue in the Homan Square neighborhood. The man suffered a head wound and was pronounced dead at Mount Sinai Hospital. He was identified as Antione Green of the 3100 block of West Douglas Boulevard by the Cook County medical examiner's office. The man was leaving a park in the area when his friends heard a shot and saw him fall off his bike, police said. Police were coordinating with other city agencies to look for a weapon that may have been dropped in a sewer in that area. Another man who was shot about 2:10 a.m. in the 200 block of West 94th Street in the Princeton Park neighborhood on the South Side has died, authorities said. Bearling Robinson, 36, of the 800 block of Cernan Drive in west suburban Bellwood, was pronounced dead at 5:36 a.m. at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, according to the medical examiner's office. Robinson suffered multiple gunshot wounds and an autopsy is scheduled for Monday.  • About 4:15 a.m. Sunday, a 26-year-old man showed up at Norwegian-American Hospital for treatment of a gunshot wound to his right thigh which he said happened in the 1500 block of North Talman Avenue in the city’s Humboldt Park neighborhood, said Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer John Mirabelli. No one is in custody for the shooting and the 26-year-old was not cooperating with detectives. • Three men were listed in critical condition after being shot about 11:35 p.m. Saturday in the 1200 block of South Lawndale Avenue in the Lawndale neighborhood. One was shot in the stomach, one in the back and one in the thigh and hand. Two men, ages 49 and 39, were being treated at Mount Sinai; a 24-year-old man was being treated at Stroger hospital. Police said the shooting may have been retaliation from an earlier altercation in which one individual was beaten up and then returned later with friends. • A 21-year-old man was shot about 9:46 p.m. in the 6000 block of North Sacramento Avenue. He made it to a Walgreens near Lincoln Avenue and Peterson Avenue and collapsed there, where authorities found him. He was shot in the side and was taken to St. Francis Hospital in Evanston in serious condition. • Earlier, a teen was wounded about 1 p.m. near the intersection of North and Leamington avenues in the city's North Austin neighborhood, said News Affairs Officer Joshua Purkiss. According to preliminary reports, a 19-year-old man suffered wounds to his chest, arm and foot and was taken to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood in serious condition, said Purkiss. The circumstances leading up to the shooting were not available. • About noon Saturday, a 22-year-old man was seriously wounded at a park on the city's South Side. Shortly after 12 p.m., paramedics responded to a shooting at Brainerd Park in the Brainerd neighborhood, said Chief Joe Roccasalva. Paramedics transported a man in serious-to-critical condition with multiple gunshot wounds to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn, Roccasalva said. Chicago Police Department News Affairs said the shooting happened 91st Street and Throop Street and said the victim suffered multiple gunshot wounds to his body. pnickeas@tribune.com | Twitter: @PeterNickeas dawilliams@tribune.com | Twitter: @neacynewslady  lford@tribune.com | Twitter: @ltaford Copyright © 2014 Chicago Tribune Company, LLC Send us your breaking news information, photos and video: tips@tribune.com Get breaking news  email  & text alerts. Empowered doctor  MONEY SMART WEEK  TRENDS IN CHICAGO 