1 Saturday, March 15, 2014 ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿View Biddeford shooting in a larger map Video from WGME-TV Sunday newscast   				 By 				 Gillian Graham ggraham@pressherald.comStaff Writer    				 and 				Beth Quimby bquimby@pressherald.comStaff Writer  BIDDEFORD — A dispute over the parking of vehicles may have been a factor in the  shooting deaths of two Biddeford teenagers Saturday night at an  apartment at 17 Sokokis Road. A makeshift memorial stands across from 17 Sokokis Road in Biddeford, where Derrick Thompson and Alivia Welch were shot dead Saturday.  													 Shawn Patrick Ouellette/Staff Photographer  												 Derrick Thompson, left, and Alivia Welch  													 Facebook photo  												 The house's owner has been charged in the killings. Maine  State Police identified the victims as Derrick Thompson, 19, and his  girlfriend, Alivia Welch, 18. Thompson's mother, Susan Johnson, 44, was treated for a gunshot wound at Maine Medical Center in Portland,  where she was in stable condition early Sunday. Johnson's 7-year-old son,  Brayden, was not hurt. James Pak, 74, was arrested in his driveway about 10 p.m. after surrendering to state police after three hours  of negotiations. Pak, who has been charged with two counts of murder,  owns the two-unit house where the shootings took place and lives in the  main building. Johnson rented the apartment. State police  Sgt. Mark Holmquist said Sunday that Biddeford police had been  called to the home a few minutes before the shooting, to settle a  landlord-tenant dispute over cars being parked in the driveway during  Saturday's snowstorm. Biddeford had declared a parking ban for Saturday night so city crews could plow the streets. Holmquist  said Biddeford police responding to the dispute talked to Thompson and  Pak at the house and left after everyone involved said they no longer  felt threatened. Three minutes after police left, they received  a call from Johnson reporting the shootings at the house. Police  returned to find Thompson and Welch unresponsive inside. They removed  Johnson and her 7-year-old son from the house. The child was hiding in a  back bedroom on the instructions of his mother. Biddeford police  also removed Pak's wife, Armit Pak, from her house and brought the three  to safety at a neighbor's. Holmquist said Pak's wife has been  cooperative and has been interviewed. Holmquist said a handgun was used in the shooting, but would not be more specific. The state Medical Examiner's Office in Augusta was conducting autopsies on the victims Sunday. Police had few details about the argument over parking. "There may have been some shoving. We are still trying to clarify that at this point," Holmquist said. Holmquist said it appears Pak has no criminal background in Maine. The Biddeford Police Department has little history of Pak or the victims, Holmquist said. Pak  was being held Sunday at the York County Jail in Alfred. His first  appearance before a judge is tentatively set for Monday, when bail will  be determined. Several neighbors, who said they heard the argument over parking, said Pak was known for his short temper. Andrew  Lemelin, 19, who lives across the street from the Pak home, said that  Pak is known in the neighborhood for getting angry at his neighbors. Lemelin said he had done some work for Pak earlier this year. Pak  was not happy with the teenager's performance and wrote a letter to  Lemelin's father asking for his wages back. Lemelin said his father  declined to repay the wages. Pak then left a message on the Lemelins'  answering machine that Lemelin described as disturbing and threatening. Lemelin said his family turned the message over to Biddeford police but nothing more came of the incident. "He seemed like the kind of person who could deal with it without guns," Lemelin said. Lemelin  said Pak moved into the upscale neighborhood off Pool Road about five  years ago, fixed up the house and started renting out the unit. Each  tenant stayed for about a year, Lemelin said. (Continued on page 2) Send question/comment to the editors James Pak  					 File photo  				 Police are on the scene Sunday at 17 Sokokis Road in Biddeford, where a shooting took place Saturday night. Two people were killed and another was wounded.  					 Shawn Patrick Ouellette/Staff Photographer  				 Police are on the scene Sunday at 17 Sokokis Road in Biddeford, where a shooting took place Saturday night.  					 Shawn Patrick Ouellette/Staff Photographer  				 Maine State Police Sgt. Mark Holmquist speaks Sunday with reporters at the scene of a Saturday shooting at 17 Sokokis Road in Biddeford.  					 Shawn Patrick Ouellette/Staff Photographer  				 A makeshift memorial for Derrick Thompson, 19, and his girlfriend, Alivia Welch, 18, has been placed on Sokokis Road near the site of the shooting in Biddeford.  					 Shawn Patrick Ouellette/Staff Photographer  				