1 March 15, 2014 WALKER, Ky. (WYMT) - A death investigation continues in Knox County. State Police say a fight at a home in the Walker community ended in gunfire, leaving 35-year-old James W. Cox dead. It happened at the home of Jessie and Angela Jaynes.  There are no arrests at this time. Neighbors on Bailey Branch Road say they were surprised to hear a shooting at the local fire chief's home. "It kind of scared me.  I didn't know what to expect," said Mallie Mills. Jessie and Angela Jaynes told police James W. Cox was at their home when they arrived.  Police say a fight broke out between Jessie Jaynes and Cox, then Cox was shot.  He died at the scene. "I know Jessie Jaynes pretty good.  He's well known here in the community, but as far as thinking something like this would happen, I would never have thought that," said Mills. There are no charges filed in connection to the shooting.  State Police are still investigating what happened. "We're still trying to gain knowledge why Mr. Cox was at their residence, why they got into an altercation, and just trying to find answers what led up to the shooting," said Trooper Shane Jacobs. No one at the Jaynes' home would comment on the situation. Neighbors tell us they did not know Cox. Police say they are questioning the Jaynes and others in hopes of getting answers to what caused the shooting. The coroner took Cox's body to Frankfort for an autopsy as part of the investigation. ORIGINAL STORY (WALKER, Ky.) – On December 27, 2012 Kentucky State Police Post 10 in Harlan received a call from Knox County 911 requesting KSP to the scene of a shooting in the Walker Community.  Upon arrival units located Jessie and Angela Jaynes who advised that they arrived home and found James W. Cox at their residence. Mr. Jaynes and Mr. Cox then were involved in an altercation during which Mr. Cox was fatally shot.  Mr. Cox was pronounced dead at the scene by the Knox County Coroner. No arrests have been made at this time. Do you think prayer should be allowed back in public schools?  Poll sponsored by: Other Pets Horses Fish Birds Cats Dogs