1 1 Pittsburgh police knew Harold Cabbagestalk because they had charged him with two killings, although he was never convicted. Now, they are looking for the person who killed him. Cabbagestalk, 40, once a member of the notorious Hazelwood Mob street gang, died at UPMC Mercy at 9:22 a.m. today, according to the Allegheny County medical examiner's office. Pittsburgh police said he was shot the night before at the Flamingo Bar on Wylie Avenue in the Hill District. A woman called 911 about 11:35 p.m. Monday and asked the call-taker to send medics to the bar. When police arrived, they found Cabbagestalk lying on the floor with eight gunshot wounds, including one to the center of his chest, Major Crimes Lt. Daniel Herrmann said. It was the second serious shooting that night. Pittsburgh police were on the scene of a fatal shooting in Homewood when they learned that Cabbagestalk had been seriously injured. Cabbagestalk was widely documented to have been a member of Hazelwood Mob. He was 18 when Pittsburgh police charged him with shooting Eugene "Butchie" Robinson 14 times in April 1992 over a drug dispute. Those charges were withdrawn after a witness failed to appear in court and then later changed her testimony. In July 1994, Cabbagestalk was charged with acting as the gunman in the killing of Mr. Robinson's sister, Verna Robinson, because she cooperated with police who were investigating the Hazelwood Mob. Cabbagestalk was acquitted of the murder charge in that case but convicted of conspiracy after his defense attorney poked several holes in a key witness's story. Also arrested in that case were Dorian Moorefield, of Hazelwood, who was 27 at the time and was not convicted, and Terrell Johnson, now 38, who was released from jail after he was acquitted during a re-trial last year. Liz Navratil: lnavratil@post-gazette.com. You have 2 remaining free articles this month Try unlimited digital access You’ve reached the limit of free articles this month. To continue unlimited reading