1 1    After a series of deadly shootings this week that thrust Phoenix into the national conversation on gun control, Mayor Greg Stanton vowed Friday that the bloodshed will not define his city.“This is not the norm,” Stanton said hours after the latest of three Phoenix shootings that, combined, left at least four people dead. “It’s a tragic set of circumstances. These incidents are an aberration. But these tragedies will not define the city of Phoenix.”The three days of bloodshed left Stanton more convinced than ever that a comprehensive approach to gun control is needed, combined with stronger mental-health laws and improved community policing.The three incidents and the motives behind the violence were unrelated: a dispute over a civil lawsuit, a possible drug transaction and a drive-by shooting that may have been gang-related.But against the backdrop of a fiery national debate over government’s appropriate role in quelling gun violence, the shootings drove home how the issue can touch a community in sudden and unexpected ways.No one seemed immune from the violence as it moved from north Phoenix to northeast Phoenix and then south Phoenix.The drive-by shooting Friday punctuated the city’s bloody week as shots rang out at 2:30 p.m. in the 5200 block of South 14th Way in south Phoenix, claiming the life of one woman and critically wounding another.The shooting, which police said was committed by four men in a green Ford Expedition, left Sandra Johnson, 51, dead.Multiple shots were fired from the vehicle, also leaving a 45-year-old woman critically injured, said Sgt. Steve Martos, a Phoenix police spokesman.A 58-year-old woman and a 42-year-old man suffered non-life-threatening injuries, he said.The names of the other victims were not released pending notification of relatives.Crime possibly gang-tiedPolice were investigating whether the shooting was gang-related and were trying to head off any possible retaliation, Martos said.Only an hour and a half earlier, a fight between two men in the parking lot of a Circle K near 32nd Street and Union Hills Drive led to more gunfire, said Sgt. Tommy Thompson, another police spokesman.A 42-year-old man was shot and taken with life-threatening injuries to a hospital, Thompson said.He said the shooting occurred when a 26-year-old man rode up on a bicycle and starting talking to a woman inside a car. The younger man may have acted in self-defense when he was attacked by the 42-year-old man, Thompson said.“We believe this incident had something to do with drugs,” he said. “We are quite confident it was self-defense.”Thompson said the 42-year-old man had been choking the younger man during the fight in the parking lot.Friday’s shootings came two days after a prominent attorney and a business owner were fatally wounded by an angry man after a settlement conference at a north Phoenix office building.Steven D. Singer, owner of a call- center business, and attorney Mark Hummels were shot to death.The gunman, Arthur Douglas Harmon, 70, was later found shot to death in an apparent suicide Thursday morning in the parking lot of a Mesa shopping mall.Martos said there is no link among the three shooting cases and no apparent explanation for the cluster of deadly incidents.“We tend to go through these spurts, if you will,” he said. “There really is no rhyme or reason for it.”Stanton said Police Chief Daniel V. Garcia briefed him on the shootings, and Stanton praised the department’s handling of them.He said officers will increase patrols in the area.In the south Phoenix shooting, it was unclear if there was a specific target or if all the victims were targets, Martos said.Police were collecting evidence at the scene, including shell casings, to learn if one or more guns were used, he said.Police do not have a license-plate number on the 2002-06 Ford Expedition, Martos said.Allen Johnson, Sandra Johnson’s brother, went to the scene after he heard his sister had been shot. Sandra cared for a godchild who lives in the neighborhood, he said.“This is a bad neighborhood,” Allen said. “She doesn’t have any enemies. She was at the wrong spot at the wrong time.”A 12-year-old girl who lives across the street said that when the shooting occurred, it sounded like someone was knocking on the door.Her mom was on the phone and told everyone in the house to get on the ground.The family members said they did not know the victims in the incident.Despite the bloodshed Friday, she described the neighborhood as a friendly place where everyone watches out for one another, where neighbors often socialize in their front yards.Stanton said that if police need additional resources, he would support the police chief in that effort.But the mayor also noted that violent crime has been declining in Phoenix for several years.“We hug our loved ones a little closer after the incidents of the last 72 hours,” he said. “What we’ve seen around the country is not acceptable to me.”Republic reporter Danielle Grobmeier contributed to this article. Get azcentral.com on your phones and tablets for the latest news, sports, video, photos and much more from azcentral, The Arizona Republic and 12 News. » Get azcentral.com mobile!» Android | iPad | iPhone | iPhone Sports | AZ Download your free copy of Total Kid, an interactive digital parenting magazine filled with trending health topics, videos, tips and activities.   					Sponsored by Banner Health. Get the latest updates sent to your phone. Sign up for breaking news, weather, traffic, sports and celebrity alerts: Sign up now! Azcentral.com offers a wide variety of newsletters that range from breaking news, to sports, to events, to community news .. and much more: Sign up now! Follow our latest Twitter activity on topics ranging from breaking news to great shopping deals around the Valley. Join thousands of azcentral.com fans on Facebook and get the day's most popular and talked-about Valley news, sports, entertainment and more - right in your newsfeed. You'll see what others are saying about the hot topics of the day. » Become a fan today   © 2014 azcentral.com. All rights reserved. | Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights and Ad Choices     View subscription options Cookies must be enabled on your browser to view this site. Javascript must be enabled on your browser to view this site.