1 1   The young man was reportedly distraught over financial and relationship issues.     No children were aboard a school bus involved in a crash in the 8500 block of 66th Avenue Monday.     The young man was reportedly distraught over financial and relationship issues.     No children were aboard a school bus involved in a crash in the 8500 block of 66th Avenue Monday.     General Motors has a tough call to make. Will it pay people injured or killed before 2009…    Today is the first day certain General Motors vehicles can be fixed as part of a massive…    Alonzo Mourning and NCAA championship-winning coaches Nolan Richardson and Gary Williams…    With just seconds left on the clock, Kentucky freshman Aaron Harrison sank a…    Model and TV personality Peaches Geldof, daughter of Irish musician and Live Aid organizer…    Barbara Walters plans to make her final appearance on "The View" on May 16, part…    Prom season can be a magical time for teen girls, dreaming about dressing up and dancing…    Until recently, scientists had only identified six basic human emotions: happy, sad,…    Applebee's is looking into a photo that showed a metal bolt inside a cooked hambuger.     More than a million dollars will be invested to repair the dams on the Loxahatchee River…    A pilot en route from Georgia to the Bahamas had to make an emergency landing on a road in…    A group of high school students in California built a 51-foot, 6-inch peanut butter and…    Local woman talks about her successful career in New York City.     A South Florida restaurant franchisee gives back to the community.     If we told you to check the "As Seen on 5" section of our website to find more…    This feature packed upgrade brings you faster performance, easier navigation, and stunning…    A cold front is heading toward South Florida, and it's bringing with it a chance of rain. Ahead of the front it will be hot and very windy.   Alexander Robinson killed outside Port St. Lucie's La Zen Nightclub Fatal shooting at La Zen night club in Port St. Lucie Deadly shooting at La Zen night club in Port St. Lucie  A fight broke out at La Zen night club in Port St. Lucie that ended in a fatal shooting. A 29-year-old male and a 22-year-old male ended up in the parking lot where multiple shots were fired at the victim.   A fight broke out at La Zen night club in Port St. Lucie that ended in a fatal shooting. A 29-year-old male and a 22-year-old male ended up in the parking lot where multiple shots were fired at the victim.   A fight broke out at La Zen night club in Port St. Lucie that ended in a fatal shooting. A 29-year-old male and a 22-year-old male ended up in the parking lot where multiple shots were fired at the victim.   PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla. - A fight broke out at La Zen night club in Port St. Lucie Tuesday night that ended in a fatal shooting. 29-year-old  Daymon Omar Anderson and a 22-year-old Alexander Robinson, Jr. began arguing inside the club. According to Port St. Lucie Public Information Officer Frank Sabol, both men left the club and ended up in the parking lot where Anderson fired multiple shots at the victim, striking him several times in the torso. Robinson was rushed to St. Lucie Medical Center where he was pronounced dead. Officers on the scene quickly confronted the suspected gunman and took him into custody. He has not been charged. Wednesday afternoon police said in a statment that "after consultation with the State Attorney's Office and based on the evidence obtained through the investigation thus far, the Port St. Lucie Police Department does not have sufficient evidence to arrest Daymon Anderson for unlawful homicide." Police said Anderson has been cooperating with detectives.   Police say this is the first fatal shooting of the year in Port St. Lucie, but not the first time an incident has occurred at the club.   "We do have some instances that we respond to out here. We have had fights in the past, stabbings. We have had robberies in the parking lot so there is some activity out here and we've been working with management to see what we can do to prevent some of these situations that we respond to 'cause we don't want people to get hurt," Port St. Lucie Master Sergeant Frank Sabol said.      Jamel Lanee of NewsChannel 5 contributed to this report.  Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 