1 1   			 52° F 9:38 p.m. EDT, August 30, 2013 A Baltimore County district judge denied bail Friday to the teen sought in a county police raid that led to an officer's shooting death. Baltimore County Deputy State's Attorney John Cox said at a hearing that 16-year-old Rasheed Stanford should be detained because he's charged with shooting a man in a separate incident who remains at Maryland Shock Trauma Center and because he's a flight risk. Stanford turned himself in Thursday but had traveled to North Carolina after the raid, Cox said. Cox also said at the hearing that Stanford responded to questions about whether he felt remorse for slain Officer Jason Schneider, whose funeral will be Saturday morning, by saying, "[Expletive] him and his family." Stanford, whose cousin, Tevon Smith, 25, died in the shootout with officers, was not at the Catonsville home during the raid. His attorney said he made the comments as he mourned the loss of his cousin. Stanford appeared on a district courtroom video monitor for his hearing. He sat at a folding table and wore a light-yellow jumpsuit and cloth sandals. Cox said Stanford lived in the house on Roberts Avenue that was the target of the raid, in which police used a no-knock warrant to enter. Officers had hoped to arrest him on charges that he shot a 29-year-old man in the neck outside a bar on nearby Winters Lane. Stanford's defense attorney, David E. Williams, said his client's comments about Schneider were irrelevant to the bail hearing. He characterized as unfair the question about whether Stanford felt remorse over the officer's death. "He's saying, 'Hey, my cousin died, and you're asking me about remorse for a police officer?' " Williams said. Stanford did not speak other than to address Judge Barbara R. Jung, quietly saying, "Yes, ma'am," when she asked whether he understood his rights. He kept his arms crossed in his lap. His mother and sister, who live with him at the Roberts Avenue home, also attended the hearing. Six people were inside the house when police entered, including 17-year-old Taquan Barney, who allegedly tussled with Schneider while trying to escape. He has been charged with firearms violations after police recovered a Taurus PT22 .22-caliber handgun and a second gun. Police said they are tracing the weapons but will not release additional information until the investigation is completed. Only Smith is believed to have shot at Schneider. Williams said the family was caught off-guard and told him police did not identify themselves. The department has said members of the tactical unit made clear that they were police officers and court documents said the ballistic shield Schneider carried had the word "police" written across its front. Jung said during the hearing that she believed the no-knock warrant was appropriate, given the attempted-murder charge against Stanford. Before the Aug. 19 shooting in which Stanford was charged, police said, he and another man got into an argument with the victim outside the Brick House bar. Stanford attempted to punch the victim and missed, and the victim then hit Stanford, court documents said. After he was struck, Stanford pulled a handgun from his pants and fired at the victim, who was fleeing to his home on nearby Shipley Avenue. The second suspect with Stanford then picked up the shell casings, documents said. Police said Stanford and the other man had been charged the week before outside the bar for drug-related offences.  Stanford's attorney said he was arrested as a juvenile for a drug-related offense this month but has no prior criminal convictions. He said the teen has an eighth-grade education but recently completed a program to earn his GED and was interested in pursuing a military career. He recently worked at maintenance company. Police have said crime is down overall in the county, but the Wednesday shooting was one of four that occurred in recent weeks around Catonsville. Baltimore County Council Chairman Tom Quirk, who represents the area, said he has received phone calls and emails from constituents concerned about crime, but most of the sentiment he's seeing is sympathy for the officer's family. "Catonsville is a very safe place. Obviously, crime can happen anywhere," said Quirk, a Democrat. "I don't think it's part of a bigger trend. I think it's a couple isolated incidents that happened to happen all at once." The officer's family has not spoken publicly since his death but appeared at a wreath-laying ceremony outside the county's circuit courthouse in Towson. It issued a statement Thursday, which referred to Schneider as "an honorable and affectionate man who will be remembered and never forgotten." His funeral is scheduled at 10 a.m. Saturday at St. Bartholomew Roman Catholic Church on Hanover Pike in Manchester. Baltimore Sun reporter Alison Knezevich contributed to this article. jkanderson@baltsun.com twitter.com/janders5 Copyright © 2014, The Baltimore Sun  The Baltimore Sun, 501 N. Calvert Street, P.O. Box 1377, Baltimore, MD 21278  