1 1   A man convicted of killing two people at a midtown Tulsa Best Buy in July 2012 will spend…    Small hail possible in the stronger thunderstorms.     A man convicted of killing two people at a midtown Tulsa Best Buy in July 2012 will spend…    The Grammy Award-winning musician will perform in Tulsa May 29 in support of his new album,…    Lands' End will start trading as a separate public company on Monday after spinning off…    Chrysler is recalling nearly 870,000 SUVs because corrosion may make the vehicles'…    Connecticut and Kentucky couldn't have met in last year's championship game and few…    The University of Tulsa has issued a press release to confirm Danny Manning is leaving the school.     Pregnant actress OLIVIA WILDE treated her fiance JASON SUDEIKIS to a trip back in time on…    PITCH PERFECT star ANNA KENDRICK got a little saucy during her hosting stint on Saturday…    Try this delicious layered pastry with a deep, earthy flavor and…    Chef Devin Levine from the BOK Center cooks a wonderful, home-style meal.  Bon…    
According to the Oklahoma Highway Patrol, a white car was run off the road around 3 a.m. on…    Tulsa police are seeking information about an armed robbery suspect after a man approached…    Broken Arrow Beauty College has the most current, comprehensive cosmetology educational…    From buying a house to saving for retirement to financial tips for single parents, American…    KJRH-TV began broadcast operations on December 5, 1954 as KVOO-TV.     We want to make sure you stay in touch with KJRH and KJRH.com.     Where are the accidents around town? Check out our map with incidents and construction reports.     Find the lowest gas prices in and around Tulsa and the state. Plus tips on how to save on…    Small hail possible in the stronger thunderstorms.   

________________________
 TULSA -- Tulsa police are looking for a suspect that shot and killed a midtown driver near South Peoria and 49th Street. Around midnight Monday, police got a call about shots fired on the 4900 block of Norfolk. Officers found the driver of a car, 28-year-old Tyler Gragg, shot dead. The car had come to a stop when it hit a hydrant. Officers began searching the block for the shell casing and a clue of the scene as well as any possible witnesses. It's still early in the investigation, but at this time police say they have very little information to go on. "Canvassing the area looking for crime scene, any other ...that helps steer this investigation. It's hard to know if there was an exchange of fire anywhere else," said Cpl Jason Muse of the Tulsa Police Department. Police believe the victim was involved in a drug transaction, prior to his death. "It is unknown if this transaction has anything to do with the murder, however shortly after the transaction the victim is ambushed in his vehicle close to where he sometime resides," said TPD Homicide Sgt. Dave Walker said. Walker said the driver encountered two men nearby the residence, exchanged words and was shot by the suspects, who then fled the scene. Anyone with information is urged to call Crime Stoppers at 918-596-2677. Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 