1 1 Karol Bolton left home Saturday evening telling her grandparents she would be home early. But shortly after she arrived at O'Neal Road Apartments for a party, her family received a call saying Karol had been shot. "At first I wasn't worried for her life because, like me, I know she was a fighter," Karol's brother, Jonathan Bolton said. "I wasn't thinking about the bad outcome I got." Just more than an hour after arriving at the hospital, Karol died. "I will never get the chance to see my sister, touch her, hold her, have them type of conversations - the type a big brother has with their sister," Jonathan Bolton said. "I won't even get a chance to walk her down the aisle because someone took that opportunity away from me." Jonathan Bolton and his family are heartbroken. "She did not hurt anyone," Karol's sister-in-law, Romeshia Johnson said. "She did not deserve this. All she did was go out to have fun with her friends." Karol's other sister-in-law, Courtney Bolton said, "It's such a huge loss to us. She had so much more she would offer this world, so much more." Karol's grandmother, Annette Ludgood, who raised her could barely speak. "It's been awful," Ludgood said through the tears, "me not having my baby here with me." The family said Karol was a fun, energetic young woman who was always making everyone laugh. Karol's Aunt Tammy Bohanan, who Karol affectionately called TT, said her niece loved her family.  "There wasn't a day that went by that she didn't say, 'I love you, TT. I love you,'" Bohanan remembered. Just a few years ago, Karol discovered her passion while nursing her aunt back to health after surgery. "She said, 'I know what I want to do, TT. I want to be a nurse,'" Bohanan said. "She took very good care of me." Karol was pursuing a nursing degree at MGCCC, but now that dream will never become reality. "That will go untold in a story that was so beautiful," Jonathan Bolton said. Karol's family knows she cannot be brought back, but her loved ones want to find closure. Bohanan begged with tears in her eyes, "If anyone knows who did this to my baby, please come forward. We are hurting." Gulfport police are still looking for two men believed to be behind the fatal shooting. Anyone with any information is urged to contact the Gulfport Police Department at (228) 868-5959. Help us identify suspects by going to the "Do You Know Me?" section of our website http://www.gulfport-ms.gov/police/doyouknowme.html and solve a crime.   You can also contact Crime Stoppers at www.mscoastcrimestoppers.com or by telephone at (877)787-5898. Or you may text "CSTIP" plus your message to 274637(CRIMES). Those wishing to help the family with burial expenses can donate to the Karol Bolton fund at any Hancock Bank branch. Copyright 2013 WLOX. All rights reserved.   208 DeBuys Road  Biloxi, MS 39531  (228) 896-1313FCC Public FileEEO ReportClosed Captioning  