1 UPDATED 8:35 p.m. Monday CHAMPAIGN — Autopsies are expected to be performed Tuesday on two people who died in what police believe was a murder-suicide in Champaign on Monday morning. Champaign County Coroner Duane Northrup said Emily D. Davis, 34, of Champaign died at 7:06 a.m. Monday in the emergency department of Carle Foundation Hospital, Urbana, as a result of injuries she received in a shooting. Northrup said a second shooting victim, Jason C. Woods, 37, of Champaign, was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. Monday at the site of the shooting. Champaign police responded to a 911 call about the shooting at 1507 Honeysuckle Lane at 6:22 a.m. Officers found Mr. Woods and Ms. Davis there with gunshot wounds. Police indicated the shootings are believed to be a murder-suicide. Champaign Sgt. Robert Rea said police are not looking for any suspects and do not believe there is any danger to the community. Three children — ages 12, 10 and 3 months — were taken from the house and placed in the custody of family members. Counseling services were called in. Police said the 911 call originated from the residence. The caller reported hearing an argument and then finding one victim. Soon afterward, the caller reported hearing another gunshot and finding a second person with an apparent gunshot wound. Northrup said an inquest may be held later. The deaths are being investigated by Northrup’s office and the Champaign Police Department. Anyone with information regarding the shooting is urged to call the Champaign Police Department at 351-4545. Callers can remain anonymous by contacting Crimestoppers at 373-8477 (373-TIPS). Information can also be provided at www.373tips.com or by texting CCTIP plus information to 274637 (CRIMES). News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments  