1   After a one-year hiatus due to government cutbacks, MacDill Air Force Base's AirFest is…    Do you love reptiles? Then you will want to check out Repticon that's invading the…    After a one-year hiatus due to government cutbacks, MacDill Air Force Base's AirFest is…    Do you love reptiles? Then you will want to check out Repticon that's invading the…    Here are some family events going on around Tampa Bay for the month of February.     A former city councilman distributed letters over the weekend concerning a possible…    Reports of an explosion were heard before the collapse of two multiple-dwelling buildings…    The “Dancing with the Stars” cast was reveal this morning on Good Morning…    This ABC Action News campaign seeks to empower victims of domestic violence and raise…    Dozens of Tampa Bay area residents call a state law unfair because it forces them to pay…    Scottie Wilbekin and Michael Frazier II scored 15 points apiece, and Florida dominated down…    USF has dismissed Stan Heath as men's head basketball coach.      Authorities say R&B singer Chris Brown is being held without bail on a warrant issued…    Sam and Nia Rader have received almost two million views of their version of…    Billy and Swiss are looking for their forever homes.     The future of the Belleview Biltmore could soon be decided and it may mean much of the…    Consumer reports offers 5 tips for getting a great deal on a car.     The ABC Action News team has won a prestigious Edward R. Murrow Award for contributions to…    With 1.23 billion users in all the flavors and up-and-down stages of romantic…    Our FREE apps offers real-time news from across the Bay Area and around Florida.     With high pressure in control we'll see lots of sunshine with warming temperatures and lots of sunshine right through the weekend.   deputy involved shooting leaves one dead.  Robert Gary Jr.   TAMPA - An undercover Hillsborough County deputy fatally shot a man at Cinnamon Cove Apartments on 15th Street North Wednesday night. The family of the deceased man confirmed to ABC Action News that his name is Robert Gary Jr., and deputies confirmed his identity early Thursday morning. "It is so hard," said Lizzie Gary, Robert's sister. Lizzie said her sister called to tell her about the fatal shooting after 5:30 p.m. "I ran right over to see," she added. According to Col. Donna Lusczynski with the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office, the man they shot was selling crack cocaine to an undercover deputy when he attempted to rob the deputy. Lusczynski said the deputy's gun came loose while the two men struggled and several shots were fired.  It is not clear who fired the shots. During the struggle, deputies say the undercover deputy and the man fell down some stairs. Both were apparently trying to get a hold of the gun. "Our backup deputies moved in, saw the deputy fighting for his life and shot and killed the suspect," said Lusczynski.  The two back up detectives identified themselves as being part of the Sheriff's office, according to Luscznski, and told the man to drop the gun but he did not comply. She added that the back up officers fired because they feared their colleague had already been shot. Gary's stepfather, Dallas Gillyard, admitted his stepson has been to prison several times on drug-related charges. He believes authorities were always keeping a watchful eye on his stepson because of his past and claims deputies had been harassing Gary in the days prior to his death. "They followed him around," said Gillyard. "This here is a deliberate act. This didn't have to be done. What they did was uncalled for. You don't shoot a person eight to nine times." Authorities said they routinely patrol the area and were only at the apartment complex because someone called and complained that drugs were being sold there. Lusczynski said racial profiling did not play a role in this shooting as Gary's family alleges. "I would say that is not accurate," she explained. The name of the deputy is not going to be released due to the nature of his work, deputies said. He was taken to Tampa General Hospital to be treated for his minor injuries and released overnight. He is said to be doing well. All three undercover officers involved in this deadly shooting are now on paid administrative leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation. Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 