1 1     The man killed Sunday night after investigators said he shot at police was identified as James D. Anderson, 32, of Seattle. He also has a child with the woman he shot, police said. The officer who killed him is a four-year veteran, Deputy Chief Nick Metz said Tuesday. That officer, Anthony Ducre, is on administrative leave during the investigation, which is standard after officer-involved shootings. Last October, Ducre earned the department’s Medal of Courage for winning the fight with an armed felon who investigators say tried to kill him. More about that incident in in this post, which includes surveillance footage from the incident. Anderson, who police said had ongoing domestic troubles with his girlfriend and had pleaded not guilty to a different incident of leaving their child unattended, had confronted her Sunday at the Twilight Exit – a Central District bar. After being booted, police said Anderson returned with a gun and shot her multiple times in the legs. The bouncer who tried to intervene was shot once in the left leg, and medics at the scene were worried about possible damage to his femoral artery. “The suspect had said something either just prior to the shooting or during the shooting that he had killed the baby and possibly their dog,” Metz said Tuesday. The girlfriend is 25 and the bouncer is in his early 30s, a fire department spokesman said. Both are expected to survive. The 25-year-old left her 9-month-old child at home Sunday night when she went to the Twilight Exit, at 2514 East Cherry St. Police learned of this when she was being rushed to Harborview Medical Center, and officers were sent to check on the child. As they arrived, the officers had difficulty finding diapers, according to police. The 9-month-old is in protective custody and the mother could face a charge of leaving the baby unattended, Metz said. Anderson is the first Seattle homicide victim of 2013. Some homicide counts include officer-involved shootings, though a homicide that is determined to be justifiable is not reported to the FBI for uniformed crime statistics. Compared to other major cities, Seattle is a safe city in terms of homicides. Before the Twilight Exit shooting, Seattle hadn’t seen a homicide since Oct. 26. Read more here about each of the 2012 homicides in Seattle.