1 The parents of a 2-year-old boy shot outside of a Kroger store in DeKalb County spoke out on Thursday. Good Samaritan James Harrison says his child was shot by a man who had just committed a robbery in front of the Kroger on North Hairston Road and Memorial Drive. Harrison sprung into action after police say the shooter snatched a chain from a pedestrian's neck. Harrison tried to stop the suspect. That's when police say the suspect opened fire, hitting Harrison's 2-year-old son, Evan, in the abdomen. James Harrison, a St. Thomas native, says faith in God and tremendous community support have gotten him through this difficult time."It warmed my heart to know there are so many people out there," says Harrison. "They don't have to know you but once they did hear the story of what happen, we got so many text messages and emails from the community that helped us through this." Tips from the community led police to suspect Chezerel Burton. Harrison says he has no regrets. If he had this to do it all over again, he would act in the same manner and try to help out. Now, Harrison, his wife, Nina and 2-year-old Evan appear strong and resilient. Harrison says he gets his compassion from his grandmother. "That's something my grandmother raised me to help other people, be generous to other people," says Harrison. "So, I didn't really think about it before I stepped in. I really don't have any ill will to him. I don't know if it's because it hasn't developed yet, but I'm just glad he's off the streets. I feel that someone that would do something like that, would pretty much do anything." After three weeks, Evan is out of the hospital. He's had three surgeries and is about 80 percent now. Little Evan is oblivious to the shooting, but his parents say they will someday explain to him what happened. Evan is expected to make a full recovery. A website has been set up to accept donations to help pay his hospital bills. For more information, visit: http://www.youcaring.com/medical-fundraiser/atlanta-s-good-samaritan-dad/69338 WTXF-TV330 Market StreetPhiladelphia, PA 19106-2796Phone: (215) 925-2929Fax: (215) 982-5494