1 1 Tulsa police have four people in custody in the shooting death of a Tulsa man Monday night.  Police say Dujuan Wilson, 19, was shot in the chest at about 9 p.m. at a home in the 2400 block of North Boston Place. He was taken to a Tulsa hospital where he later died. Police say 18-year-old Dijion Mastin turned himself in Tuesday. Mastin left the residence before police arrived Monday night. Mastin told police he was picking up a .45-caliber handgun from a sofa in the living room when he accidentally shot Wilson. He described Wilson as a close friend. He was booked on a complaint of second degree murder and is being held on a $500,000 bond. Deandre Overstreet, 21; Christopher Williams, 21, and Roland Tolbert, 23, were at the residence when officers responded. They were each booked into Tulsa jail on a complaint of second-degree murder and are being held on $250,000 bond. Officers say initial reports were that the shooting was self-inflicted. Police say there were several people in the home at the time and all were taken to the department's detective division to be questioned. Police say the witnesses were not being cooperative.   Crime scene detectives found a spent shell casing in the living room but did not find a gun, Sergeant Dave Walker said.   Find out what's going on around town and submit events! See it! Shoot it! Send it! Share your weather pics and videos with NewsOn6.com! Get breaking news, weather, sports & video directly on your iPhone. Get breaking news, headlines, weather alerts & more on your cell phone. Need to know what's on TV? Check out our television schedule. How safe are Oklahoma?s bridges? Use Bridge Tracker to find out now. Find out what crimes are committed in your area with Crime Tracker. Looking for a website or event you heard mentioned on The News On 6? Find it here! Learn more about the events leading up to and following the bombing. View a historical road map of Oklahoma's turnpike system. Join Lori and local homicide detectives as they search for Cold Case clues. What can you do to survive a crime? Find advice for personal safety here. Find out what crimes are committed in your area with Crime Tracker. Looking for a website you heard mentioned on News On 6? Find it here!