1 1   Cold case information was made available for the public on the Bakersfield Police…    The Kern County Veterans Service Department and the Veterans of Kern County Inc. "want you"…    St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Parish has collected thousands of pounds of food to donate to the…    Highway 99 is flowing smoothly again following a rollover that blocked southbound lanes…    Peaches Geldof, daughter of musician Bob Geldof and Paula Yates, has died, ABC News has…    George Strait won the top honor, entertainer of the year, at the Academy of Country Music…    Long a scourge of the back alleys of American life, heroin is spreading across the country.…    Each week, we recap the stories and trends that made headlines in the digital world. Read…      In a news release on Saturday, Garces High School announces Tim Antongiovanni as new…     	 The first week of baseball is an exciting time but the excitement is tempered by rumors…    St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Parish has collected thousands of pounds of food to donate to the…    Highway 99 is flowing smoothly again following a rollover that blocked southbound lanes…    Sbarro says it's filing for Chapter 11 reorganization; the second time in less than…    Comcast Corp. has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable Inc. for $45.2 billion in stock, or…    Los sonidos se parecen a los de la caja negra de…    Un oficial le disparo a un…    Available in your favorite app store, the completely re-designed suite of 23ABC News apps…    23ABC has the very best anchors, reporters and digital journalists in all of Kern County.…    Today we're climbing about 10 degrees above average, with the lower 80s in the valley and Kern River Valley. I'll take Bakersfield to…    State Route 119, Panama Road-Taft Highway, will be reduced to one way traffic control…    Motorists traveling on P Street or Madison Street, in the vicinity of State 58, should be…   WASCO, Calif. - On Thursday at about 6 p.m., Kern County sheriff's deputies received a 911 call reporting there was a victim of a shooting at an apartment complex located at the intersection of 4th and D streets in Wasco.   Deputies said they found 32-year-old Jose Alfredo Rodriguez suffering from a gunshot wound.  Moments later, deputies received a second call saying there was a second victim of an assault, which had been taken by private party to the Kern County Fire Station, located at 2424 7th Street.  Deputies said they found 24-year-old Jose Garnica suffering from a stab wound.  Both men were taken by ambulance to area hospitals.  Rodriguez was pronounced dead shortly after arriving at the hospital.  Garnica was last listed in serious, but stable condition. Investigators believe the incidents are related and the investigation is on-going. If anyone has information on this case they are asked to call the Sheriff’s Office at 661-861-3110 or Secret Witness at 661-322-4040. Anonymous text tips can be sent to TIP411 (847411). Just type the keyword “KCSO” prior to the message. Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 