1 Miami Police are looking for a man who allegedly killed his ex-girlfriend on a Little Havana street. (Brian Andrews/CBS4) LITTLE HAVANA (CBS4) — Chaos broke out in a local neighborhood when a gun is pulled and residents, along with CBS 4′s Brian Andrews and a photographer, run for cover as a search for a killer takes a dramatic twist.  It all started after gunfire exploded outside of a Little Havana pharmacy, killing a local woman. Now Miami Police are looking for a man considered armed and dangerous after he allegedly shot and killed his ex-girlfriend in broad daylight. Police are calling it a crime of passion. They say Efrain Quintana, 42, hunted down Ariadna Gonzalez Campa, 42, and shot her to death outside the pharmacy on the 400 block of 8th Street. “It appears as of right now he began shooting numerous times,” said Miami Police spokeswoman Kenia Reyes.  Campa, who died at Jackson Memorial Hospital from multiple gunshot wounds, lived in the neighborhood. As CBS 4 learned Friday night, the victim’s family is on edge because they say if the gunman was crazy enough to kill the victim in broad daylight, he may be crazy enough to come back and try to harm them. While at Campa’s home speaking to her loved ones, CBS4′s Brian Andrews was there as a silver SUV, bearing a resemblance to the suspect’s car, pulled in front of the family’s home. One of Campa’s family members pulled out a gun, which sent Andrews and his photographer running for safety. Andrews even jumped a fence as nobody knew what was going to happen next.  Neighbors called police, who came rushing up in the midst of the latest chaos. Is the suspect in the area? Was it him? Does he have a gun? Such questions sent a wave of fear through the Little Havana apartment complex as the gunman remained at large, with the SUV not belonging to the suspect. The victim’s 19-year-old son broke down in tears when police told him his mother would not make it. Officers did their best to comfort him, but he was overcome by his grief.  “The family is simply destroyed by this,” said father-in-law Carlos Aliman, who went on to say the suspect called someone after the shooting to brag about it. “I imagine he might be crazy, who knows what else he could do.”  Police were able to find the suspect’s vehicle in Homestead later on, but they haven’t found him.  Miami Police say they are actively looking for Quintana and say he is armed and extremely dangerous. Anyone with information is urged to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS.   					Restaurants 					Bars & Clubs 					Shopping 					Professional Services 					Search Listings 				 ©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved.