1 1   The Paradise Post learned the alleged victims are a husband, wife and their 12-year-old daughter.   According to a neighbor, the male victim's brother, who had moved in a couple of months ago, allegedly shot them.  At about 6:30 a.m., the Paradise Police Department received multiple reports of gunshots and yelling, according to a press release. Upon arrival, officers discovered three gunshot victims.  Nancy Taylor, 53, was declared deceased at the scene, according to Paradise Police. Rodney McClintock, 49, underwent surgery and is listed in critical condition. The 12-year-old girl also had surgery and is currently in stable condition.   According to a neighbor, the suspect allegedly came in shooting and left without saying a word.   Witnesses told authorities the suspect, Robert McClintock, 53, fled on foot down Honey Run Road.   The Paradise Police Department conducted a search of the area with the help of the California Highway Patrol, the Butte County Sheriff's Office, and the Chico Police Department, according to a Paradise Police press release. A canine located McClintock hiding in the canyon off Honey Run Road and he was arrested on suspicion of homicide and two counts of attempted homicide.   The sirens woke up neighbor Dulce White, she said. She ran to the home where the shooting happened and inquired about her best friend — the girl victim. The girl exited the home crying and talking about her mom and dad, White added.  "All I could do was hug her and tell her it would be OK," White said.   The names of the victims have not been released pending notification of next of kin.  According to a neighbor, there had reportedly been no problems at the residence until today.   A motive for the shooting has not been released.   Authorities are still on scene and were waiting for a search warrant to enter the home.   Anyone with information is asked to contact the Paradise Police Department at 872-6241. If a caller wants to remain anonymous, they can call 895-7611.   We welcome reader feedback! Learn more about our new commenting system. When posting, please keep this in mind:  DO: discuss the subject, express yourself creatively, be polite, and cite and link to sources. DON'T: attack others, make unverified factual claims, excessively copy others, or use foul, derogatory, racist or violent language. Users are solely responsible for their comments. We reserve the right to remove any comment and revoke posting rights for any reason. Please flag questionable posts   click on the "Report" box  by the comment. Thanks. 