1   Join our newsletters               > More Recent Comments   Baltimore Daily Deals  powered by ReferLocal   ');   winprint.document.close();   winprint.focus();   }    Print  Email     Murder Ink   By Anna Ditkoff Published: December 19, 2012   	Monday, Dec. 10    	11:30 A.M. Tarrell Logan, a 24-year-old African-American man, and a 22-year-old African-American man were in the 1500 block of Shields Place in Upton when someone shot at them. The 22-year-old was shot in the leg but was able to run to Pennsylvania Avenue, where he called 911. Logan was shot in the head and collapsed. He died at an area hospital at 5:55 P.M. The 22-year-old was also taken to a local hospital but was treated and released.   	Thursday, Dec. 13    	3:08 P.M. Todd Dufie, a 36-year-old African-American man, was standing near a car in the 3200 block of Lyndhurst Avenue in the middle of the afternoon when he was shot in the head. He died at a hospital at 3:38 P.M.   	Saturday, Dec. 15    	2:45 A.M. Avon Ball, a 26-year-old African-American man, and an 18-year-old African-American male were at a club on Park Avenue. After they left, they got into an altercation with a group of men. Ball and the 18-year-old decided to walk home. They got to the 1000 block of Madison Avenue near State Center when two men came out of an alley and started shooting at them. Both were shot several times. The 18-year-old was taken to a hospital in critical condition but survived. Ball died at a nearby hospital at 7:48 A.M. Tion Bolden, a 31-year-old African-American man, was arrested that night and charged with murder and attempted murder. According to The Baltimore Sun, Ball survived a shooting on July 6, 2007 that left his foster brother dead. A group of men started arguing with Ball and his foster brother George Johnson in the 700 block of North Payson Street. One of the men demanded their car, but Ball and Johnson refused because Ball’s 7-month-old son was inside. The gunman threatened to shoot Ball and Johnson said, “Don’t shoot him, shoot me.” The gunman shot and killed Johnson, and wounded Ball and a 17-year-old female bystander. Adrian McFadden, an African-American man, then 30, was convicted of murdering Johnson and sentenced to two life terms in prison plus 175 years without parole. His co-defendant, Anthony Miles, an African-American man, then 29, was convicted of assault and sentenced to 65 years in prison. Miles wrote to the City Paper about the case a few months after his conviction (“My Side,” The Mail, Jan. 14, 2009). The Court of Special Appeals overturned the convictions in 2011. According to The Baltimore Sun, it was because “prosecutors made improper statements” during the trial. Ball was a witness in the case and would have testified in the retrial, set for February. McFadden was also charged with the May 29, 2007 murder of Jourman Parsons, a 17-year-old African-American male. McFadden allegedly chased Parsons into a liquor store in the 1800 block of Mosher Street and shot him in the back of the head as the teen huddled in a corner. All the charges against McFadden were dropped in the Parson’s case on Nov. 30, 2009, eight months after McFadden was sentenced for Johnson’s murder.   	Sunday, Dec. 16    	11:48 A.M. Michael Robinson, a 26-year-old African-American man, was found shot in the front yard of a home in the 2800 block of Winwood Court in Cherry Hill. He had been shot in the head repeatedly and was dead. > Email Anna Ditkoff 812 Park Ave. Baltimore, MD 21201  (410) 523-2300 All parts of this site Copyright ©2014 Baltimore City Paper. News+Features Murder Ink  City Folk  Power Rankings  Campaign Beat Councilmania The Mail Static Columns Comics All Editorial Blogs Feedbag Noise: Music Blog The News Hole X-Content Crossword  Arts Visual Arts Stage Books+Publishing Film+Video Music  Local Music Music Events Big Music Issue  Restaurant Reviews  Find a Restaurant  Eat Special Issue Find a Club Search Calendar Events  Enter Calendar Event Art Benefit Business  Comedy Community Action Dance and Dancing  Film  Gay and Lesbian  Kids  Music  Notices  Seniors  Special events  Sports and Recreation  Stage  Talks Plus  Words  Best of Baltimore Home  Eat Special Issue Big Books Issue Film Fest Frenzy Sizzlin Summer Big Music Issue Fiction and Poetry Contest Holiday Guide Top Ten Search Articles Search Authors Search Issues Latest Comments Whose Responible? Classified Home Place Ad  Jobs Services Stuff For Sale Massage Dating Adult Real Estate For Rent Place Ad Cars, Trucks+More Services Win Free Stuff Event and Issue Newsletters  Facebook Twitter Flickr Youtube