1 1 The wife of 59-year old Willie Little says they went to a bar Saturday night after the Clarissa Street Festival. She says he was going to his car for his cell phone when he was hit with gunfire.  Loved ones of Little say they are in disbelief this even happened. Little's grandsons say he was the family's backbone, who will be greatly missed.  "He'll be missed a lot and it's going to hard for us to not see him physically, but he'll be here spiritually," said Gerard Little.  Twelve-year old Gerard and his cousin, 13-year-old Jumall, are only left with memories to hang on to.  "My favorite moment with him was when me and my cousin here, Gerard, used to throw the pigskin with him," said Jumall.  Their grandfather Willie was a retired sheet metal worker. It was a field he had been in for more than 30 years. He was also an Air Force veteran, and as described by his two grandsons, the most loveable granddad.  "He was a very loveable man. Loved throughout Rochester, through his job and through his family," said Jumall.  Just after 1 a.m. Sunday, Willie stepped outside of a bar on South Plymouth Avenue when gunshots erupted. His wife and sister, who were inside the bar, say they heard at least 30 rounds. Willie was shot.  Three other victims all survived the drive-by attack. Police identified the other victims as Erica Fleming, 24; Robert Moultrie, 22; and Xavier Nelson, 21.  Police say the incident happened just two hours after three others were shot blocks away on Jefferson Avenue. The young adult victims suffered non-life threatening injuries in that shooting.  "We are looking to see if there is any connection between the two incidents, Jefferson Avenue and Plymouth Avenue but at this time we have no evidence that leads us to that conclusion," said Chief James Sheppard of the Rochester Police Department.  Police say they are now searching for whoever was involved.  "I hope they get the person that killed him," said Gerard.  Police say they will continue to step up patrols in that area. They are encouraging people with any information to call 911.  Source:YNN