1 1 One man is dead, and two others are injured in a shooting in Chicago's Bridgeport neighborhood. 10:05 a.m. CDT, September 2, 2013 Police found a man shot inside a car they chased from a Bridgeport shooting that left one man dead and two wounded Friday night. The three men were among at least 7 people shot overnight across the city. They were shot inside an apartment in the 3800 block of South Halsted Street about 2:30 a.m. One man, 21, died inside the apartment. Another, also 21, was taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County in critical condition with head and chest wounds.  The third was inside a car police were pursuing from near the scene. It crashed into a light pole at 43rd Street and Wentworth Avenue and a number of the people inside the car tried to flee but were caught within a few minutes.  Inside the car a man was found with a gunshot wound to the head and leg. The 25-year-old was taken to an area hospital.  Police also found a gun inside the car and four others without gunshot wounds, all of whom are being questioned by police.  Vidal Martinez, 20, of Cicero was later charged with first-degree murder, attempted murder and two counts of aggravated battery with a fire arm. Someone inside a light-colored SUV shot a 31-year-old man who was standing on a corner in the South Austin neighborhood about 4 a.m. He shot near Chicago and Menard avenues and taken to West Suburban Medical Center with wounds to his chest and right arm. Police said he was transferred to Stroger hospital in critical condition.  Before 4 a.m. a woman was shot in the 4400 block of North Christiana Avenue in the Albany Park neighborhood. The woman sustained a graze wound to her neck during a robbery. Three people were in custody after they were apprehended by police on the 5300 block of North Kimball and the 5400 black of North Spaulding. Before midnight Friday night, a 23-year-old man walked into Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center and said he had been shot in the 2700 block of North Western Avenue about 6 hours earlier. He had a foot wound and police weren't able to find a crime scene. He may have shot himself, police said. Check back for more information.  pnickeas@tribune.com | Twitter: @PeterNickeas Copyright © 2014 Chicago Tribune Company, LLC Send us your breaking news information, photos and video: tips@tribune.com Get breaking news  email  & text alerts. Empowered doctor  MONEY SMART WEEK  TRENDS IN CHICAGO 