1 1 Chicago Tribune reporter Peter Nickeas recaps the night's crime, including shootings on the South, West, and Northwest sides. Two shootings resulted in death. 7:54 p.m. CDT, August 16, 2013 Two men were shot to death and 11 other people wounded in shootings between 7:15 p.m. and about midnight across the city, according to Chicago police.  A 29-year-old man was killed on 120th Place between State Street and Michigan Avenue before 9 p.m. He was on a bicycle when someone approached him and opened fire, hitting him multiple times. The Cook County medical examiner's office identified him as Dequantay Bingmon. The man's relatives said he had moved to Harvey from the neighborhood a little more than a year ago.  Another man, 25, was killed in the 9100 block of South Justine Street in the Washington Heights neighborhood. Someone shot him when he was in a car about 11:40 p.m. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center and pronounced dead there, according to police. They responded to a shots fired call there and found the man bleeding from his wounds. The man was identified as Carlton Brown, of the 900 block of Circle Avenue in Forest Park, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office. About 10:40 p.m. a man was shot in the 12600 block of South Eggleston Avenue in the West Pullman neighborhood, about a mile from where the man was killed on 120th Place. He was shot in the abdomen and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center.  Someone shot a man in the face in the 1700 block of North Linder Avenue. He was taken to Loyola University Medical Center but additional details weren’t immediately available. About 12:05 a.m., two teens were shot in the 12200 block of South Halsted Street in the West Pullman neighborhood neighborhood. A 19-year-old man shot in the head was left in critical condition and another, 18, was shot in the right arm and taken to Metro South Medical Center, police said. Someone shot a 18-year-old in the leg and back in the Canaryville neighborhood about 11:30 p.m. The man was taken to John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital of Cook County from the 4300 block of South Union Avenue.  In the Rosemoor neighborhood about 10 p.m., a 16-year-old girl was shot in the leg in the 10100 block of South Prairie Avenue. She was outside with friends when someone across the street fired a gun toward her group, police said. A 19-year-old man walked into Mount Sinai Hospital with a gunshot wound to the chest about 9:30 p.m., Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Amina Greer said. He had been shot in the 2600 block of West 21st Place and dropped off at the hospital by a friend. He was in a group when he heard shots and felt pain, Greer said.  Two people were shot in Englewood about 9:15 p.m. in the 1200 block of west 73rd Street. A 15-year-old boy was hit in the leg and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center and a 22-year-old was taken to Saint Bernard Hospital and Healthcare Center with a wound to his buttocks. Police say they were on a porch when someone opened fire from a passing green car. A shooting in the Calumet Heights neighborhood about 7:15 p.m. left two men wounded. The pair walked into Mercy Hospital & Medical Center - a 25-year-old with a wound to the wrist and a 35-year-old with a wound to the shoulder. Both are in good condition. Tribune reporter Carlos Sadovi contributed to this report.  pnickeas@tribune.com | Twitter: @PeterNickeas Copyright © 2014 Chicago Tribune Company, LLC Send us your breaking news information, photos and video: tips@tribune.com Get breaking news  email  & text alerts. cancer central  MONEY SMART WEEK  TRENDS IN CHICAGO 