1 1 In 2005, Robert Kislow III survived enemy gunfire in Afghanistan. One bullet cut through his helmet, snaking a path on the back of his head. Other shots shattered his wrist and ankle. A year after that attack, which ultimately cost him part of a leg, the anger, pain and anguish from his injuries plunged him into depression, leading him to abuse prescription drugs and attempt suicide, the Army veteran from East Allen Township said in a 2008 interview. He believed his life was on an upswing in 2011 when his son was born. That same day, he wept as he thanked more than 100 volunteers from Homes for Our Troops gathered to build his young family a house near the base of Blue Mountain in Moore Township. But just before midnight Monday at the home tucked in a wooded lot, authorities say, Kislow shot and killed his fiancee's mother and then turned the handgun on himself. His fiancee, Amanda Snyder, their son and baby girl were also inside at the time of the shootings. They were not injured, police say. Authorities say Kislow, 27, shot and killed Michelle Snyder, 44, who had been living with her daughter, Kislow and his family in the home at 3001 Delps Road. Snyder's death was ruled a homicide and Kislow's was ruled a suicide, Northampton County Coroner Zachary Lysek said. Moore Township Deputy Police Chief James Cavallo said there were indications of violence just before the shootings. Kislow's neighbor, Allen Bohun, was awakened by his wife, who said there had been a shooting next door and they needed to call for help. Amanda Snyder was frantic, "shaking like a leaf" and clutching her children. She told her neighbors Kislow had killed her mother and she needed them to call 911. Police said both bodies were found in the home. Other than a call for a sounding alarm, police said, they had no previous calls at Kislow's home. Bohun, who has lived next door to Kislow's family for the past two years, said Tuesday he was struggling to understand what led to the killings. He said the couple had planned to marry soon and honeymoon in Vermont. "It's something I can't understand," Bohun said. "He had a golden egg and then he destroyed it." About 12 hours after the shootings, Amanda Snyder posted on her Facebook page that she would "never forget that horrible nightmare." "I can not believe this really happened to me!" Snyder wrote. "My two best friends [taken] from me so fast and just right in front of me. "It's just not fair. I have no idea what to think or feel," she wrote. "All I know is we created two amazing children together that I will have for the rest of my life and my mom was the best grandma there was." Snyder's father, Bruce, and Kislow's grandmother, Dolores, declined to comment Tuesday. Cavallo said that around 11:40 p.m., police received a 911 call from a man at the Delps Road home. While officers were en route, they received a second 911 call from a woman, who said shots had been fired at the home. The last killing in Moore was the March 2011 shooting death of Michael Steckel, 46. He was found lying on the couch with a bullet wound to his head. Authorities originally considered the case a suicide, but later ruled it a homicide. The case remains unsolved. Kislow, a 2004 graduate of Northampton Area High School, said the 2001 terrorist attacks cemented his decision to join the military. According to an article published on the Northampton Community College website in 2008, Kislow joined the Army and did stints in airborne school and sniper training. He joined the 82nd Airborne Division out of Fort Bragg, N.C. He was wounded while on patrol east of Kabul on June 10, 2005. The 19-year-old private first class waved and smiled at a man he thought was a civilian, but quickly discovered "it was a trap," the article says. "The guy's buddy rose up from the bushes and shot me five times." Kislow suffered gunshot wounds to the back of his head, ankle, elbow, back and side. The bullet in his head was later removed, but he said the damage caused a traumatic brain injury. His right leg was eventually amputated just below the knee, and he lost most of the movement in his right hand and wrist. In the years that followed, Kislow said he struggled to figure out what would come next. He said in the article that he started drinking and abusing pain medicine and described the 2006 failed suicide attempt. "The bullet lodged in the gun," Kislow said. "The next morning, I woke up and was back to myself. That was my breaking point." In the article, Kislow said his post-traumatic stress disorder was easing, but he remained uncomfortable in crowds and constantly on guard against attackers. Kislow used a prosthetic leg fashioned with a skull and glowing flames. With it, he could go rock climbing and fishing. He built himself a Harley-Davidson motorcycle. In 2011, volunteers with Homes for Our Troops, based in Taunton, Mass., gathered at the Moore property to build a four-bedroom house and two-car garage for Kislow.