1 1 Top blog Stories Murder Charge Filed in Crash That Killed 12 y.o. By Matt Coker OC Judge Seated Biased Juror? By R. Scott Moxley Accused Newport Pot Dealer Arrested By R. Scott Moxley OC Blog King Joins Breitbart News By R. Scott Moxley More Stupid OCSD Helicopter Games By R. Scott Moxley Cop Turned Robber Wants $ By R. Scott Moxley Lenny Dykstra Alleges LA Jail Beating By Matt Coker Services Held for March Madness Widows By Matt Coker Drunken Driver Hits Drunk Rescue CEO By Matt Coker Impeach Obama Fever Spreads in Irvine By Matt Coker See Update No. 4 on Page 2 with Leonbardo "Banda" Valladares' arraignment details. Update No. 3 was on him being taken into custody after an overnight standoff. Update No. 2 has a new photo and more personal info about him. Update No. 1 identified him as the suspect. ORIGINAL POST, SEPT. 16, 2:36 P.M.: A 48-year-old Anaheim man was shot and killed outside a Stanton bar and pool hall early Sunday. Francisco Salgado Torres apparently got into some kind of altercation in front of the Oasis at 10448 Knott Ave. before he was shot multiple times, according to Orange County sheriff's Lt. Jeff Hallock, the agency spokesman. The call came in around 2 a.m. Sunday, Hallock added. There is no known motive and no arrests have been made, the sheriff's official added. UPDATE NO. 1, SEPT. 17, NOON: The Orange County Sheriff's Department has released photos of a man suspected of killing Francisco Torres outside Oasis bar and video from the entrance there: Courtesy of Orange County Sheriff's DepartmentPhotos show homicide suspect.The man who fatally shot Torres multiple times and fled the scene on foot is described as Hispanic, 5-foot to 5-foot-3 tall with a slim build.   "The suspect is known by the name 'Banda' and is known to frequent the Stanton and Anaheim areas, specifically the Oasis Bar and Mexico De Noche Bar in the city of Stanton," reads a statement from Lt. Jeff Hallock. "'Banda' has a cursive writing tattoo on his neck as well as a bar code tattoo on his wrist. He also has several other Aztec-type tattoos on his body." Here is the video:  Anyone with information regarding the suspect is asked to call Orange County Sheriff's Department investigators at 714.647.7055 or 714.647.7053. Anonymous tips may also be submitted to Orange County Crimestoppers at 855.847.6227 or occrimestoppers.org.   They (whoever they are) should show the gal in the photo as well. As people are more open to start the whispers when they know a friend of a friend.  