1   A man shot himself inside a Boulder halfway house this afternoon when county sheriff's deputies arrived to take him back to jail on a violation, according to law enforcement officials. Boulder police closed Canyon Boulevard around 21st Street briefly at about 12:30 p.m. after reports of a man with a gun to his head in the area. Shortly after, the bloody body of a man was seen wheeled out of the halfway house, the Boulder Community Transition Center, at 1770 Canyon Blvd. Boulder police Cmdr. Kim Stewart said two Boulder County sheriff's deputies went to the halfway house to return the man to jail, but he pulled out a gun. The deputies then drew their guns in response. "There was a stand-off, if you will, and they tried to talk him down, but they were not able to," Stewart said. Stewart said Boulder police were about to send a negotiator, but the man shot himself in the head and died on scene. Stewart said the incident occurred in a hallway of the halfway house and happened very quickly. Boulder police have confirmed that no one else fired a weapon, and that the gunshot wound was self-inflicted, Stewart said. The man's identity will be released by the Boulder County Coroner's Office after next of kin are notified. Boulder County sheriff's Cmdr. Rick Brough said he did not know the nature of the violation for which the man was being returned to jail. The man was a "day reporting client" at the halfway house, Brough said, which means he wasn't a resident but instead checked in daily or close to daily. Brough said the man was on probation after being convicted of driving while ability impaired. Monica Rotner, division manager for Boulder County's Community Justice Services, said the halfway house is a minimum security facility and secured by staff members, but doesn't use metal detectors. The county contracts with Correctional Management Inc. to run the halfway house. Speaking through an open window, Stephen Jackson, a resident of the halfway house, said he didn't hear a gunshot, but staff members were hysterical and told the residents to stay locked in their rooms.   Article ID: document.write(article_id)