1 King County sheriff's deputies said a body was found near the man's truck, dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, though he hasn't been positively identified as the suspect in the woman's shooting, KIRO-TV, Seattle said. The suspect, identified as Dion Fisher, crashed his truck through his ex-wife's front window at 3:30 a.m. and fired five shots, striking the woman once in the hand, police said. She was taken to a hospital for treatment. Two of the children escaped through a back door and ran to a neighbor's house to call 911. The third child hid inside the home. Fisher fled the scene in his truck and evaded capture. Police said they've located the truck and found the body nearby. Amazon hikes Prime membership fee by $20 to $99  Zellweger makes red carpet debut after four month hiatus  Rachel McAdams drops out of space flick 'Passengers' Maria Menounos talks living with her parents and losing 40 pounds Elizabeth Olsen engaged to Boyd Holbrook US Airways plane skids off runway after botched takeoff at Philadelphia Airport Malaysia Airlines jet flew after last contact not confirmed Schwarzenegger wants you to crush things with his tank Texas lawyer wears orange jumpsuit for Lent Florida arrests fugitive from Kansas from 1977 Since 1907, United Press International (UPI) has been a leading provider of critical information to media outlets, businesses, governments and researchers worldwide. UPI is a global operation with offices in Beirut, Hong Kong, London, Santiago, Seoul and Tokyo. Our headquarters is located in downtown Washington, DC, surrounded by major international policy-making governmental and non-governmental organizations. UPI licenses content directly to print outlets, online media and institutions of all types. In addition, UPI's distribution partners provide our content to thousands of businesses, policy groups and academic institutions worldwide. Our audience consists of millions of decision-makers who depend on UPI's insightful and analytical stories to make better business or policy decisions. In the year of our 107th anniversary, our company strives to continue being a leading and trusted source for news, analysis and insight for readers around the world. Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips  				Terms of Use | Privacy Policy 				 			 © 2014 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events.  We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.