1 1 (WMC-TV) - Three people are charged with murder-related charges following an early morning shooting that left one person dead downtown. The shooting happened just before 2 a.m. Monday at 275 South Main. David Santucci, 27, was taken to The MED in critical condition, where he was later pronounced dead. Family in Germantown said he had just started a nursing career with Methodist Hospital He had left a gathering with friends, possibly a birthday party, when he was ambushed Monday morning, according to family. Mario Patterson, 23, and Dondre Johnson, 19, were both charged with first degree murder in the perpetration of robbery. Jerrica Norfleet, 23, was charged with accessory after the fact first degree murder. South Main Street near Martin Luther King Avenue was shut down for hours after the shooting. According to Memphis Police Department, officers received information that the suspects in the shooting were in the area of Foote Homes, Memphis' only public housing project. And even though a shooting is rare downtown, many business owners say they do not feel unsafe, and they recognize MPD's quick response. "I was encouraged that it happened so quickly, the apprehension of the bad guys," said Downtown Memphis Association President Sharon Leicham. Leicham also feels better knowing that the crime did not happen when a lot of people were out. "I've never, not one day, felt unsafe down here," she added. "We have more police officers per capita than any other precinct in town." Jim Davila manages the Rumba Room just down the street from where Santucci was shot, and was outside smoking with a few others when the crime occurred. "Heard a big bang, shot," he said. "Being in the bar business, you've had situations, but never anything like this – this is an absolute tragedy" All three individuals charged showed up to court Tuesday. Johnson and Patterson were arraigned via video camera set up in jail. Norfleet was arraigned in the courtroom. Her bond was set at $750,000, and the other two are being held without bond. All suspects are scheduled to be back in court August 20. Copyright 2013 WMC-TV. All rights reserved.    				1960 Union Ave.  				Memphis, TN 38104  				(901) 726-0555FCC Public Filepublicfile@wmctv.com  				901-726-0501EEO ReportClosed Captioning      	