1 1 2:04 a.m. CDT, September 22, 2013 At least four men have been killed and three others wounded since Friday evening, according to police. The latest violence came a day after 13 people were shot in a South Side park and just hours after a 14-year-old boy was killed Friday afternoon. The first killing Friday evening happened in the South Shore neighborhood, about 6:15 p.m. in the 2200 block of East 71st Street. A gunman approached 18-year-old Jaleel Pearson and opened fire, striking Pearson in the chest and arm, authorities said. Pearson, who lived in the 6800 block of South Artesian Avenue, was taken to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, where he died, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office, About 15 minutes after that shooting, at 6:30 p.m., 21-year-old Brenden Temple was shot in the 6600 block of South Honore Street in the West Englewood neighborhood on the South Side, according to authorities. Temple, of the 4000 block of South Indiana Avenue, was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn. He was pronounced dead at 7:18 p.m., according to the medical examiner's office. About 11:10 p.m., 37-year-old Robert Harvey was walking in an alley east of the 6000 block of South Halsted Street in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side when a gunman approached from behind and shot him multiple times, police said. The shooter fled, leaving the Harvey's girlfriend crying over his dying body, a shivering neighbor said early this morning as detectives searched the alley for evidence. "She was crying, screaming, saying, 'Don't die! Don't die!' " said the neighbor, who asked to remain anonymous for her own safety. Harvey, who lived in the 5800 block of South Shields Avenue, was taken in critical condition to Stroger hospital and pronounced dead at 12:01 a.m., according to the medical examiner's office. Later, about 3 a.m., a 22-year-old man was fatally shot in the 1300 block of West Washburne Avenue in the University Village / Little Italy neighborhood on the Near West Side, police said. Officers responding to a call of a person shot found him on the sidewalk, shot multiple times, police said. Jamal Coleman, of the 5400 block of West Monroe Street, was taken to Stroger and pronounced dead at 3:22 a.m., according to the medical examiner's office. In another shooting early this morning, an 18-year-old man was shot about 1:20 a.m. in the 12600 block of South Stewart Avenue in the West Pullman neighborhood on the Far South Side. The man, who was shot in both legs, was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center. About 1:20 a.m., a 30-year-old man was shot as he walked out of a vehicle in the 1200 block of South Kedvale Avenue in the Lawndale neighborhood on the West Side, authorities said. The man was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital and listed in serious condition. Later this morning, about 4 a.m., a 41-year-old man was shot in the 0-100 block of East Chestnut Street in the Gold Coast neighborhood on the Near North Side. The shooter fled in a white car, and the 41-year-old was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in serious condition. Police said the shooting happened during an argument over a parking space. Check back for more information. asege@tribune.com | Twitter: @AdamSege Copyright © 2014 Chicago Tribune Company, LLC Send us your breaking news information, photos and video: tips@tribune.com Get breaking news  email  & text alerts. Empowered doctor  MONEY SMART WEEK  TRENDS IN CHICAGO 