1 ERIC CONOVER/Staff Photographer Luzerne County deputy coroners on Monday remove one of two bodies from 470 E. Butler Drive in Butler Township after Stacy Walton and John Walton were found dead in the home Monday morning. Police said naming a victim in the murder-suicide could take weeks but affidavits tell investigators seized evidence from the scene including an iPhone, two brass candle sticks, a Jennings .22 caliber handhun and two spent .22 caliber cartridges. Police seized multiple items from the scene of a Butler Township murder-suicide discovered Monday morning. John J. Walton, 51, a local paving contractor and Stacy Walton, 41, a well-respected teacher, were both found deceased, each from a single gunshot wound in a murder-suicide, Monday morning in their home at 470 E. Butler Drive, about one mile from Foster Township. It could take weeks before officials declare a victim as further testing is being done at a crime lab, police said. Police spent hours searching the home Monday, the results of which are detailed in three search warrants approved by Magisterial District Judge Daniel O'Donnell, Sugarloaf the day the deaths were discovered. From the home Butler, police and assisting officers from state police at Hazleton seized two gold chains, one of which had a charm, an iPhone, two brass candle sticks, two articles of clothing, a Jennings .22 caliber handgun, two spent .22 caliber cartridges, one of which was fired from the Jennings, a magazine with four, .22 caliber cartridges and two boxes of .38 caliber ammunition, court papers state. From a white GMC pickup truck, owned by John J. Walton and found parked in the driveway of the home, police said, they seized a black cell phone. From a white Mercedes-Benz, also owned by John J. Walton, police seized a driver's license, receipts and unspecified handwritten notes. Affidavits attached to the search warrants state police were dispatched to the Walton's home, 470 E. Butler Drive at about 7:40 a.m., Monday but had been there in October 2012 while responding to a domestic dispute, though the details of that incident were not explained in the affidavit. Police wrote Stacy Walton had a protection from abuse order against John Walton, issued Oct. 9 that expired Oct. 9, 2015. That order required John to stay away from Stacy's home, property, school and place of employment. He was also restrained from making any contact with her, however the PFA order was later withdrawn, police wrote. The reason for the withdrawal wasn't noted in court papers. In the Sept. 24 application for the PFA, police wrote, Stacy Walton detailed a domestic violence incident that happened Sept. 22. Stacy Walton, in that application alleged that John Walton threatened to kill her and then himself, the affidavit states. She described her estranged husband's personality as volatile and noted that she didn't feel safe. Through the investigation police learned the Waltons were currently going through a divorce. A Luzerne County Court database shows John J. Walton, 1356 Woodlawn Drive, Hazle Township, filed for divorce against Stacy Walton, 470 E. Butler Drive, Freeland  on Nov. 28.  At the home, court papers state, investigators found a firearm next to Stacy Walton, who had a gunshot wound to her head, however, police have not said who was the shooter. Police did not indicate in the affidavits where John Walton was shot or what make and model of gun was the murder weapon. The couple were found by their son, John Ross Walton, and Stacy's father, who went looking for them after it appeared they hadn't left their home in the Hi-Tor East development as expected Monday morning, Lisman said. Pavelko said the Waltons were found in the same room of the ranch-style home but declined to say which part of the home they were found in. The Waltons were together since about 5:30 p.m. Sunday, Lisman said. Stacy Walton was a devoted English as a second language teacher in the Hazleton Area School District, who took time to get to know each of her students, according to school officials. She worked with elementary and middle school children at the Freeland, Drums, Arthur Street and Valley schools, and was employed by the district for 10 to 12 years, officials said. John Walton was owner and operator of John Walton Paving. He also was previously co-owner of J.W. Suds. achristman@standardspeaker.com