1 The family of a Richmond man murdered on New Year's Eve gave an emotional plea Friday. Almost two weeks later, police are still looking for clues in the shooting death of 28-year-old Michael Alexander.  A memorial honoring Alexander still stands at the corner of 29th and Newbourne Streets just steps from where he was found shot to death. Still, detectives are no closer to finding his killer. Alexander's wife made a heartbreaking epiphany Friday. "I just realized no matter how much I cry, no matter how much I yell, scream, wanna jump off a bridge, no matter what I do, Michael's not coming back," Tamere Alexander said. She's not the only one affected. Michael was also a father. Even though the two were separated at the time of his death, Michael and Tamere remained friends for the sake of their kids. "The kids do still ask about him, but I say 'Daddy, he's on a break, he's on vacation,'" she recalled. "They're very young. They have to grow up without a father and that's just not fair." Tamere says it's also not fair police haven't made any arrests.  "I'm not going to be able to really sleep at night until this person I know is behind bars," she explained. Detectives will not release a lot of information in what is the 42nd and final homicide of 2012.  "It was a nice night," Det. Amira Sleem described. "He was with friends. We don't know that there was any argument prior to." Michael was found laying at the edge of the sidewalk on the corner. He died at the scene. Before that and when officers responded just before six o'clock, we're told a lot of people were outside. There are a lot of potential witnesses Sleem wants to question. "The community has not been uncooperative, we just need more cooperation," she added. "We need people to understand that they should not stand for something like this." If you have any information, you can call Det. Sleem at 646-3871. If you would rather remain anonymous, you can also call Crime Stoppers at 780-1000. Copyright 2013 WWBT NBC12.  All rights reserved.   			P.O. Box 12  			Richmond, VA 23218  			(804) 230-1212      	 		  			publicfile@nbc12.com  			(804) 230-1212EEO ReportClosed Captioning      	