1 1 A homeless woman has been charged in a savage shooting that has left another woman clinging to life, police said. Beverly Everette-Bey, 34, is charged with attempted murder, aggravated assault and related offenses after police say she shot a 27-year-old woman six times Sunday morning on Erie Avenue near O Street in North Philadelphia, police spokeswoman Officer Tanya Little said. That victim remains in critical condition at Temple University Hospital, after being shot in her back and hands, Little said.  Read »  Police are on the scene this morning of a homicide in Northeast Philadelphia, where 19-year-old man was shot to death. The man was shot once in the chest just before 10:30 a.m. on Fairgreen Lane near Woodbridge Road, said Officer Jillian Russell, a police spokeswoman. Paramedics declared him dead on the scene at 10:36 a.m., Russell said. She had no word yet on motive or suspects. Check back for updates.  Read »  This post has been updated. Police pulled two sets of human remains from the Schuylkill this afternoon, bringing the number of bodies pulled from the waterway in three weeks to four. Just before noon, Marine Unit officers were called to the river after passersby saw the body floating near the Walnut Street Bridge, according to police spokeswoman Officer Christine O’Brien.  Read »  Two men were wounded in a rain-drenched shooting in North Philadelphia tonight.It happened about 11:30 p.m. on Cumberland Street near 11th, Chief Inspector Scott Small said.He provided the following account: 																		 It happened about 11:30 p.m. on Cumberland Street near 11th, Chief Inspector Scott Small said. He provided the following account:  Read »  There are plenty of questions, and few answers, in a violent stabbing tonight in Port Richmond. Here's what police do know: About 8:30 p.m., police found a 48-year-old man stabbed between five and seven times in his back inside a house on Agate Street near Ann, Chief Inspector Scott Small said. The victim was taken to Temple University Hospital in very critical condition, Small said, but has since been upgraded to stable condition.  Read »  What started as a car stop in West Philly became much more heated this morning, with bullets flying on the streets of Upper Darby, police said. Just after 2 a.m., two officers on patrol in the 19th District saw a "suspicious" van with tinted windows pull out of a closed gas station on 63rd Street near Vine in West Philly, Upper Darby Police Superintendent Michael Chitwood said. When the officers approached the van, it sped off, heading west toward Delaware County.  Read »  The months-long search for Gregorio Andino ended tragically last weekend, authorities said today. Andino, 38, was pulled from the Schuylkill near the Walnut Street bridge Saturday morning, police spokeswoman Officer Jillian Russell said. His body was recovered by Marine Unit officers after they spotted it just after 10 a.m., Russell said.  Read »  A Philadelphia police officer has been arrested for an off-duty incident last fall in which he allegedly drove into a pedestrian - and then threatened to kill him, shouted racial slurs and flashed his gun. Officer Edward Sawicki III, 33, turned himself in to police today to face charges of terroristic threats, simple assault, possession of an instrument of crime, harassment, and disorderly conduct. Police Commissioner Charles H. Ramsey suspended him for 30 days, with intent to dismiss. The Oct. 20 incident occurred at 2:45 a.m. as a pedestrian was walking on Ninth Street near Wharton in South Philadelphia, according to the District Attorney's Office. Sawicki was backing up in his car when he hit the 37-year-old man in his knee.  The victim pounded on the trunk of Sawicki’s car with his hand to alert Sawicki that he'd hit him.  Read »   Philly Confidential, which covers crime in Philadelphia and the suburbs, is written by Daily News staffers Dana DiFilippo, Stephanie Farr and Vinny Vella.   E-mail tips to DiFilippo at difilid@phillynews.com and follow her on Twitter here.   E-mail tips to Farr at farrs@phillynews.com and follow her on Twitter here.   E-mail tips to Vella at vellav@phillynews.com and follow him on Twitter here.  								 