1      NBCNews.com / Flashpoint: Guns in America     Beginning at 12:01 a.m. on Jan. 19, NBC News tallied every known gun death across the U.S., stopping at midnight on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Monday, Jan. 21— a day the gun debate again made national headlines as part of President Obama’s inaugural address. This interactive map shows all the gun deaths we uncovered. Go here for our complete coverage. Victim: Christopher D. Cotton, age 42 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Cotton became Buffalo's first homicide victim of the year when he was shot while sitting in his car at an East Side intersection, police said. Family members said they do not know why he was in the area at 1 a.m. There has been no arrest. Victim: Anthony Burns, age 31 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Burns was killed and another man wounded during an altercation involving four men in an East Side nightspot, the Phase III Lounge, according to police. Burns died of a gunshot wound to the chest, and a second man was treated for a leg wound. Three men and a juvenile have been arrested. Victims: Kayla Ann Hendrickson, age 16; Jacob Allen Green, 24 Incident type: Murder-suicide Weapon(s): .40-caliber Ruger SR40 center-fire pistol Summary: Hendrickson was shot to death after an argument with Green, her  boyfriend, alongside an Oregon highway, police said. Green committed suicide after driving to California 300 miles away. Victims: Joseph Lee McQueen, age 30; Clifton Kareem Christian, 24 Incident type: Homicide (multiple) Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: An argument in the parking lot of a Hampton, Va., bar led to the shooting deaths of McQueen and Christian, police said. There has been no arrest. Victim: Kyle J. Stroman Jr., age 20 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Stroman, from Brooklyn, N.Y., became Allentown's first homicide of the year when he was found shot to death at an intersection on the city's north side. Police said they have no suspect in the shooting. Victim: Debby McGaughy, age 50 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: McGaughy, a mother of four, was shot multiple times inside her home. A man taken into custody a short time later has since been released. Victim: Tracy McFadden, age 44 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Metro Police are offering a reward of up to $25,000 for information leading to the arrest in the shooting death of McFadden on the city's Northwest side, near Howard University Hospital. Victim: Name not released, age 15 Incident type: Accidental shooting Weapon(s): .38-caliber revolver Summary: A 14-year-old Georgia youth accidentally shot his 15-year-old brother to death when they were handling their mother's handgun in their home. The gun had been unloaded earlier in the evening. Officials have not decided whether to charge anyone. The names of the boys have not been released. Victim: Jeffrey Dennehy, age 23 Incident type: Accidental shooting Weapon(s): Shotgun Summary: Dennehy died when a shotgun accidentally discharged in his home. Gresham police said a friend of the deceased who was present at the shooting cooperated with the investigation, and no charges are expected to be filed. Victims: Greg Griego, age 51; Sarah Griego, 40; Zephaniah Griego, 9; Jael Griego, 5; Angelina Griego , 2 Incident type: Homicide (multiple) Weapon(s): First a .22-caliber rifle, then a .223-caliber military-style AR-15 semi-automatic rifle Summary: Nehemiah Griego, the 15-year-old son of a New Mexico pastor, has been charged with five-counts of first-degree murder and three counts of child abuse in connection with the shooting deaths of his parents and three siblings. Police say the teenager also considered shooting his girlfriend's parents and killing more people at a Wal-Mart but was arrested. Victim: Trevon Wilson, age 18 Incident type: Accidental shooting Weapon(s): .22-caliber rifle Summary: Tyler Washington, 19, is accused of carelessly operating the loaded firearm seconds before the gun discharged, striking the victim, police said. He has been charged with negligent homicide. Victim: Thomas Donovan, age 21 Incident type: Police shooting Weapon(s): Police service weapon Summary: A 21-year veteran police officer working security shot and killed Donovan, who officers said was brandishing a replica gun at a White Castle. Police suspect the victim may have previously robbed the restaurant. Victim: Jason "Cowboy" Monson, age 18 Incident type: Suicide Weapon(s): Smith & Wesson Model 66 revolver, .357-caliber Magnum. Summary: Monson, an 18-year-old University of Idaho freshman, shot himself to death in his dorm room, one day after another gun was removed from the dorm by police. Victim: Juvenal Gonzales, age 37 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Gonzales was picking up his children for visitation from his ex-wife's home, when they got into an argument and a man came into the room and shot him several times, police said. The Fort Worth Star-Telegram reported that Clint Weldon Wilson, 31, of Sulphur Springs, Texas, was charged with murder, possession of a firearm by a felon and theft of a firearm. Victim: Nevaeh "Nae Nae" Benson, age 6 Incident type: Accidental shooting Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: The child fatally shot herself in the face with her father's gun. The father, Edmund Benson, 23, has been charged with endangerment. As a convicted felon, he was not allowed to own a gun. Victim: Leslie R. Stubblefield, age 43 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Stubblefield was found dead of a gunshot wound, police said. No arrest has been made. Victim: Kenneth Lee Seets, age 50 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Seets was shot and killed in crossfire between two groups of armed gang rivals at a Bay Area Rapid Transit station, police said. An unidentified woman also was wounded by a stray bullet. One person was arrested, and police are looking for others. Victim: Kristy M. Aschliman, age 21 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Aschliman was shot multiple times, police said. Her car was found stuck in the snow nearby. Adan Arroyo, 22, was arrested and charged with first-degree murder, according to local media reports. Victim: Jermaine Donte Foster, age 30 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Foster was found shot dead in a car while a second man who was wounded was located inside a nearby apartment building, police said. No arrest has been made. Victim: Jose Luis Vidal, age 24 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Three men and a woman burst into a home, opened fire and fled, according to police. Vidal was killed, and a second 28-year-old man was wounded. No arrest has been made, and the motive is unknown. Victim: Jamal Gaines, age 26 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Gaines was shot multiple times while driving his car, police said. Gaines attempted to drive away but crashed his vehicle. He died of gunshot wounds shortly after. Carnell Taylor Jr., 24, was arrested three days later and charged with murder, shooting into a motor vehicle, and possession of a firearm by a felon, according to local media reports. He has pleaded not guilty. Victim: Edward Henry "Da-Da" Goldsmith, age 47 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Goldsmith was shot and killed in a parking lot outside an apartment complex, police said. Victim: David Braswell, age 38 Incident type: Self-defense Weapon(s): .22-caliber rifle Summary: Braswell was beating up his girlfriend when her father shot him with a .22 rifle, police said. The shooting was ruled justified, but the girlfriend's father, Clifton Dennis, 56, was charged with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. Victim: Rene Trejo, age 28 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Trejo was shot and killed in his car by one of three males who approached the vehicle demanding money, police said. No suspects have been arrested. Victim: Hubert Dewayne Jackson, age 27 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handguns Summary: Jackson was found by the side of a rural road with numerous gunshot wounds. Police later arrested his cousin, Jeremy Davis, 29, and Nicholas Ryan Hollaway, 23, and charged them with murdering him in a money dispute. Victims: Kelly Suckla, age 43; Krista Suckla, 44 Incident type: Murder-suicide Weapon(s): 9mm semi-automatic handgun Summary: Kelly Suckla shot and killed his estranged wife, Krista Suckla, at their daughter's 17th birthday before shooting himself, dying instantly, police said. Victim: Nickoles Ray Sullivan, age 33 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): .22-caliber pistol, legally owned Summary: Sullivan and his ex-girlfriend, Alina Lamey, 38, were having an argument about a dog when she shot him in the back a .22-caliber pistol, police say. Lamey has been charged with murder. Victim: Marcus Antonio Jones, age 16 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Jones, whom police described as a known gang member, was shot and killed by members of a rival gang while leaving a party, police said. Two teenagers were arrested and charged with first and second-degree murder. Police are seeking a third suspect. Victim: Leangelo Michael "Lee-Lee" Crumby-Ford, age 17 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Crumby-Ford was shot in the chest at a small gathering at a private residence, police said. Jontae Maurice Barnes, 19, of Sharon was arrested and charged with involuntary manslaughter and third-degree murder.  Victim: Osevio Anguiano Lopez, age 34 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: California Highway Patrol officers stopped a vehicle for a traffic violation and found Lopez with a gunshot wound to the head, according to police reports. A second victim in the vehicle was treated at a nearby hospital for gunshot wounds and released. No arrest has been made. Victim: Erskine Chambliss, age 32 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Chambliss was shot several times. Officers determined that Chambliss had been in an altercation. A suspect, Michael Alexander Jr., 18, was arrested and charged with one count of murder. Victim: Angel Serna Mancilla, age 27 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Police found Mancilla on the sidewalk with gunshot wounds. Police say the shooter and Mancilla got into an altercation before the shooter pulled a handgun, shot Mancilla, and drove away in a white sedan. There has been no arrest. Victim: James A. Crego, age 42 Incident type: Suicide Weapon(s): Ruger 9mm handgun Summary: Police say Crego was drinking and taking prescription pain pills at the residence he shared with his girlfriend of three years before shooting her in the back. When the girlfriend ran to a neighbor's house to call police, Crego walked into the driveway and fatally shot himself, police said. Victim: David Franklin, age 32 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary:  Police say they found Franklin dead in his car on North Seventh Avenue in what appears to have been an incident of gang violence. Police say some arrests have been made, but have not released any information. Victim: Tynarion Warren, age 24 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Warren and a second person pulled into a Dallas-area gas station and while the second individual was inside, Warren apparently became involved in an altercation with another man who had pulled into the station in a Cadillac sedan and was fatally shot, police said. The shooting was caught on a station security camera, but no arrest has been made. Victim: Ruben Gonzalez Jr., age 20 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Believed to be a handgun Summary: Police said a fight between rival gangs led to the shooting of Gonzalez. Evidence suggested other people might have been wounded. Gonzalez was a documented gang member, according to the Santa Ana Police Department. Victims: Joseph Lee Gillam, age 22; Billy Jo Edwards, 30 Incident type: Murder-Suicide Weapon(s): .45-caliber Kimber pistol Summary: Gillam and Edwards appear to have gotten into a dispute over a woman that one or both of them were involved with, according to a county prosecutor. The argument escalated into a physical assault, with Edwards believed to be the aggressor, the prosecutor said. Gillam apparently then pulled a handgun and shot Edwards twice before turning the gun on himself, he said. Victim: Hardy Parker Jr., age 51 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Believed to be a small handgun Summary: Half-brothers Parker and Alfred Durden Jr., 46, were walking way home when they were accosted by a gunman, police said. Durden pretended to be dead after being hit in the head as the man shot Parker multiple times. Pascagoula police Capt. Davy Davis said the alleged shooter, Adrian Orville Moore, was out on bail awaiting trial on charges he shot a neighbor, Jackie C. Davis. Moore is now being held on $1 million bail for first-degree murder and aggravated assault.  Victim: Devin Scandore, age 22 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Scandore was attending a punk rock concert with friends when a fight broke out that spilled into the parking lot, where he was shot by an unknown assailant, according to police reports. His family and friends said he was trying to protect others when he was shot. Victims: Jamar Marcus Mitchell, age 20; Lemar Whitney, 28 Incident type: Homicide  Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: After an altercation in the parking lot of the Platinum Gentleman’s Club, Whitney shot Mitchell, an Army private at nearby Fort Sill, according to police. Mitchell was with a group of fellow soldiers at the club. After shooting Mitchell, Whitney was tackled by a security guard, who, after being threatened, used a gun of his own to shoot and kill Whitney, police said. Victim: Angelo Jenkins, age 49 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Suspect Shala Williams, 31, got into an argument at a party with Jenkins, who appears to have been his cousin, according to police. Several hours after that altercation, Williams returned and fired into a bedroom where Jenkins was with his girlfriend, Neisha Baker, 23, police said. Jenkins was killed and Baker was treated at a local hospital and released. Williams has been arrested and charged with second-degree murder and other charges. Victim: Paul Wright, age 33 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Wright was found in the middle of Hooper Road by officers responding to reports of a shooting following a fight, police said. While several potential suspects have been questioned, there has been no arrest.  Victim: Tyree Thomas, age 25 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Tyree Thomas, 25, was shot twice in the chest around 5 a.m. Sunday morning inside a home in the Kingsessing neighborhood, police said.  Victim: Michael Eric Morris, age 21 Incident type: Unclassified or open investigation Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Deputies responding to a shooting at a social gathering at a residence outside town found Morris dead in the house with an apparent gunshot wound. A suspect, Joe Henry Harden, 22, was arrested at the scene on a murder complaint and booked into Hughes County jail  Victim: Demetrius Thompson, age 43 Incident type: Self-defense Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Thompson, known as "Meatball" to friends and family, threatened to kill a man he encountered in a neighbor’s house, police said. Bystanders calmed things down and Thompson left, but he later fired at the man as he was leaving the home, and the man returned fire. The Jefferson County District Attorney’s Office ruled that the man shot in self-defense. The reason for the dispute was unclear.  Victim: Jerimiah Holloway, age 47 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Police responded to call of shots fired at a home and found Holloway on the porch of his residence with multiple gunshot wounds. He was pronounced dead at a local hospital. No arrest has  been made.  Victim: Raymont Dwayne Sears, age 50 Incident type: Unclassified or open investigation Weapon(s): .30-30 hunting rifle Summary: Sears was shot by a homeowner after coming onto the man’s property twice and threatening him and in some cases throwing items at him, including a cane, logs and a fireplace grate, police said. Sears was acting erratically and had a history of such behavior, police said. The couple who lived in the house did not know him. Police expect the shooting will be ruled a case of justifiable self defense, though that determination has not yet been made.  Victim: Antiquon Greer, age 39 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Greer was shot in the head while sitting in the driver's seat of a Ford Windstar minivan by an unidentified robber, police said.  Victim: James Brady, age 26 Incident type: Unclassified or open investigation Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Three robbers, dressed in black and wearing masks, approached residents Joshua Pinkham and Roy Potter as they stood in the carport of their home and attempted to rob them, police said. Brady pointed his gun at Pinkham, who was also armed, and gunfire was exchanged, leaving Brady dead, they said. One alleged robber, Jared Lee, has been charged with felony murder in Brady's death and authorities are seeking a third suspect, Charles Jones. Pinkham has not been charged; the state's attorney will determine whether it was a case of self defense. Victim: Ajene Tylik Marrow, age 24 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Marrow was standing in a mobile home park when a gold-colored Nissan pulled up and one shot was fired from the vehicle, according to police. Marrow, who police believe was homeless, was found with a gunshot wound to the chest. No arrest has been made. Victim: Christian Cervantes, age 25 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: A 25-year-old man was shot several times outside a restaurant. Victims: William Liebrich, age 52; Colleen Liebrich, 50 Incident type: Murder-Suicide Weapon(s): 12-gauge shotgun Summary: “There are two people dead,” the caller said before hanging up. Police responding to the residence found both Liebriches dead, she from a gunshot wound and he from a self-inflicted gunshot. Three typed notes were left, one for each of the couple’s two sons and another for the authorities. The Liebriches’ sons believe that their mother’s deteriorating health prompted the murder-suicide shooting. Their father had never owned a gun before, they said. Victim: Brandon Rashad Catlett, age 21 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Catlett was shot dead on the street, police said. Tairon Dominique Dingle, 22, has been charged with first-degree murder and related charges in connection with his slaying. Victim: Daniel Colon, age 43 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Cousins Andrew and Daniel Colon were walking home from a bar where they had celebrated the 49ers NFC Championship victory, when authorities say they were shot by Seth Myers, who had earlier argued Andrew Colon. Andrew Colon survived the shooting, but his cousin Deniel did not. When police arrested Myers, they found three handguns, a shotgun, a bulletproof vest, cocaine, methamphetamine and several pounds of marijuana. Myers had no prior criminal record and legally owned the weapons, police said. Victim: Tairek Thomas, age 25 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Officers responding to a report of a person with a gun at a home said they found Thomas in the dining room with a gunshot wound to the left side of his head, police said. No arrest has been made. A woman at the home told officers she believed Thomas had been arguing with another man. The motive for the slaying is unknown. Victim: Clifford St. Martin, age 36 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: St. Martin was found with gunshot wounds in his driveway. Edgar Lugo, 32, was arrested in the shooting. St. Martin had been dating the mother of Lugo's child and there was tension between the two men, police said. St. Martin's obituary said he was an electrical contractor and is survived by three children. Victim: Deon Hale, age 42 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Hale was found dead of a gunshot wound to the upper body in his Gaviota Ave. home. No arrest has been made. Victim: Pamela Provenzano, age 61 Incident type: Murder-Suicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Provenzano's body was found with gunshot wounds by the side of a dirt road. The suspect, her 79-year-old father, Daniel Lee Ovaert, was found dead of a self-inflicted shotgun wound on Jan. 22 in his car on Highway 318, between Ocala and Gainesville. Victim: Jesse Rosas, age 38 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): .40-caliber handgun Summary: Rosas was found on the side of a road with multiple gunshot wounds, police said. No weapon was found, and no one has been arrested. Victim: Nicholas Taylor "Nick" Schneider, age 23 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Schneider was shot dead at an apartment complex. The resident of the apartment, who knew the victim, was taken into custody but later released while prosecutors decide whether to charge him or bring the case to a grand jury, police said. Victim: Christopher "Chris" Carson, age 38 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Carson was shot in the chest and shoulder at an Austin auto repair shop, allegedly by his girlfriend’s estranged husband, Roy Rogers Soliz, 58, who was arrested a week later, police said. Victims: Kathryn Michelle Walters, age 46; Hans Walters, 52; Maximilian Walters, 5 Incident type: Murder-Suicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Hans Walters, a Las Vegas police lieutenant, killed his wife, a former police officer, and their 5-year-old son, police said. He then called 911 to confess, set his house on fire and killed himself as police surrounded the house. Victim: Lydia Bradford, age 24 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Police would not say Summary: A gunman burst into Bradford’s home shortly before a child's birthday party, killed the mother of three and wounded her mother, who remains in critical condition. No arrest has been made. Victim: Michael Cook, age 40 Incident type: Suicide Weapon(s): Shotgun Summary: Police responded to a call from Cook threatening suicide, according to a police spokesman. Officers talked to Cook, who had worked as an emergency medical technician with the local fire department before suffering a head injury about a year ago that prevented him from working, by phone until his cellphone battery died. He then killed himself with a shotgun, police said. Victim: Clarence Sanchez, age 60 Incident type: Suicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Responders found Sanchez dead from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound, police said. Sanchez had served as union president of the American Federation of Government Employees at Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow. A local newspaper reported that Sanchez had recently been accused  of lewd conduct with a minor, but NBC News could not confirm that. Victim: Andre Corbett, age 35 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Corbett was standing outside of an apartment building when a gunman walked up and shot him multiple times, police said. Two men have been arrested and charged with murder connection with Corbett’s death. The victim's mother has made comments to local media denouncing gun violence. Victim: Keyiona Chenevert, age 18 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Chenevert was found dead in her apartment of an apparent gunshot wound, police said. The case remains under investigation. Victim: Hope Isabella Ruiz, age 19 Incident type: Suicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Cops who arrested a suspect in a 7/11 robbery were executing a search warrant at his home when Ruiz, his 19-year-old girlfriend, committed suicide, police said. A 2-month-old baby in the house was not injured. Victim: Rebecca Lorraine Foley, age 21 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Foley, a college student, was driving into the parking lot at her apartment complex when she was shot dead while still in the car, police said. No arrest has been made. Victim: Christopher "Chris" Best, age 61 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): AK-47 (according to witness). Police would not say. Summary: Best, a music engineer, was shot while delivering money to the home of a friend who had done some construction work for him. Police said they believe robbery was the motive for the shooting. Victim: Ray Charles Hayes, age 50 Incident type: Police shooting Weapon(s): AR-15 assault rifle Summary: Hayes, an ex-convict, was shot and killed by police while threatening to kill a hostage he had seized during an armed robbery and forced to commandeer a police car, authorities said. Victim: Travin Varise, age 2 Incident type: Accidental shooting Weapon(s): .357 Magnum handgun Summary:  Varise was allegedly playing with a gun at home when it went off, and a bullet struck his 2-year-old brother in the chest, killing him. The teen was charged with criminally negligent homicide. Victim: Alfredo Emilio Villarreal, age 18 Incident type: Police shooting Weapon(s): Glock 19 9mm handgun Summary: A Walworth County sheriff's deputy shot and killed Villarreal, an inmate who was attempting to escape from custody while undergoing medical tests at the hospital, police said. Alfredo Villarreal allegedly used a chair to break the window of his room and tried to hit the deputy over the head. Victim: Jordan Melancon, age 22 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Unknown Summary: Jordan Melancon, 22, was shot about 60 yards from a recreation center named for Martin Luther King, Jr., and on the national holiday celebrating his legacy. Melancon, who had two children, didn’t realize initially that he had been shot, and walked about two blocks before collapsing, according to local media reports. Police said Jacob Ardoin, 21, was charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death.  Victim: Terry Griffin, age 29 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Springfield XD .40-caliber handgun  Summary: Griffin was fatally shot during a backyard gathering after an argument about dog-fighting erupted and became physical, according to police reports. Police later arrested Joseph Allen Green, 29, of Crosby, Texas, and charged him with murder. Victim: Albert Masalinto Calceta, age 36 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): .40-caliber handgun Summary: A gang of robbers ambushed Calceta while he was riding his bike home from a bowling alley and shot him five times in the torso with a .40-caliber handgun, police said. No arrest has been made. Victim: Steven Scott Proctor, age 54 Incident type: Suicide Weapon(s): .380-caliber semi-automatic handgun Summary: Officers went to Proctor’s home to arrest him a day after he allegedly threatened someone with a firearm, according to police. Proctor refused to surrender, prompting authorities to evacuate nearby residences and call in a negotiator. After several hours, they entered the home around midnight and found Proctor dead. The shooting was ruled a suicide.  Victim: Steven Rosalez, age 16 Incident type: Homicide Weapon(s): Handgun Summary: Rosalez was shot dead and a 16-year-old friend was wounded when gunman hunted them down a few hours after an altercation, police said. Officers arrested Julius Short, 23, in connection with the killing.