1 UPDATE: Aaron Cummings died from a gunshot wound to the  chest in a gang-related shooting in Spokane on Sunday evening, according to the  Spokane County Medical Examiner and Spokane Police officials Monday. The prime suspect for the shooting is  Salvador Rivera-Romero, a known gang member who's now wanted for first degree  murder. Police believe Rivera-Romero shot and killed Cummings at a home  on the 1600 block of Spofford and Wall near North Central High School.  Rivera-Romero was last seen around 6 p.m. Sunday leaving the scene in a dark  colored Dodge Intrepid sedan. Police arrived a short time later but  Rivera-Romero had already taken off. He remained at large Monday  night. Rivera-Romero is a convicted felon whose criminal history  includes drug-related charges as well as a DUI out of Grant County. Unfortunately, for several neighbors in the area, crime at the  home where the shooting took place doesn't come as a surprise. "The big city has come to Spokane. It's not a sleepy little town  anymore," said Dave Stewart. Stewart moved his daughter back home Monday, just one day after  the shooting, since she lived across the street  from what he described as a problem home. "I'm  really glad I'm moving her out of here because that's a little too close for  comfort," Stewart continued. For neighbors like Sarah,  who asked that we not use her last name, crime at the home had also become a constant. "The house over  there, across the street, is probably a drug house," Sarah said. In fact, Sara said, the  SWAT team surrounded the same home in a standoff just last  month.  "They were  looking for somebody in a drug house across the street," Stewart added. "I was completely freaking out the first night when I  came here and I couldn't even get to the house cause the police had the whole  block blocked off." As police continue to search for a killer and find out  what led to a deadly shooting, Stewart and his family are  leaving it all in their rear  view mirror. "It's too bad  because, I mean, years ago this  used to be a fairly decent neighborhood but it's just really gone down hill  pretty rapidly." Anyone with information about this deadly shooting is  asked to call Crime Check at 456-2233.   PREVIOUS STORY: UPDATE: The suspect has been identified as Salvador Rivera Romero. Romero was last seen leaving the area in a dark colored Dodge Intrepid. PREVIOUS STORY: SPOKANE, Wash. - The Spokane Police Major Crimes Unit is investigating a homicide in north Spokane. According to officers one man was shot and killed just after 5:30 Sunday afternoon.  At this time the murderer remains at large, and police will not say if they have someone in mind. The shooting happened at a home near Spofford and Wall, several blocks away from North Central High School.  At least four people live at the home where the man, said to be in his mid to late 20's, was shot and killed. Three of those living at the home have been taken in for questioning. Police say they are not suspects, officers simply want to talk to them to get a better idea of what happened. A fourth person has not yet been located. It's not clear whether that fourth person is thought to be the murderer.  Neighbors say the people living at the home had run-ins with the law before and were not surprised to learn that someone had been shot and killed there. Police say they have been to the home several times before and have made arrests related to weapons violations, but would not go into specifics.  So far the identity of the man killed has not yet been released.